## PRIDE AND PREJUDICE ##

#### By  'Philip Guo' ####

Chapter 1 It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife. However little known the feelings or views of such a man may be on his first entering a neighbourhood, this truth is so well fixed in the minds of the surrounding families, that he is considered the rightful property of some one or other of their daughters. `` My dear  'Alex Skryl', '' said his lady to him one day, `` have you heard that  'Stephanie Dawn Samson' is let at last ? ''  'Alex Skryl' replied that he had not. `` But it is, '' returned she; `` for Mrs.  'Be Birchall' has just been here, and she told me all about it. ''  'Alex Skryl' made no answer. `` Do you not want to know who has taken it ? '' cried his wife impatiently. ``  'Michael Detmold' want to tell me, and I have no objection to hearing it. '' This was invitation enough. `` Why, my dear, you must know, Mrs.  'Be Birchall' says that  'Kuan Butts' is taken by a young man of large fortune from the north of England; that he came down on Monday in a chaise and four to see the place, and was so much delighted with it, that he agreed with  'Raymond Zeng' immediately; that he is to take possession before  'Eric Fode', and some of his servants are to be in the house by the end of next week. '' `` What is his name ? '' ``  'Nathan Michalov'. '' `` Is he married or single ? '' `` Oh !  'Julia Hansbrough', my dear, to be sure ! A single man of large fortune; four or five thousand a year. What a fine thing for our girls ! '' `` How so ? How can it affect them ? '' `` My dear  'Alex Skryl', '' replied his wife, `` how can you be so tiresome ! You must know that I am thinking of his marrying one of them. '' `` Is that his design in settling here ? '' `` Design ! Nonsense, how can you talk so ! But it is very likely that he _may_ fall in love with one of them, and therefore you must visit him as soon as he comes. '' `` I see no occasion for that. You and the girls may go, or you may send them by themselves, which perhaps will be still better, for as you are as handsome as any of them,  'Simon Weber' may like you the best of the party. '' `` My dear, you flatter me. I certainly _have_ had my share of beauty, but I do not pretend to be anything extraordinary now. When a woman has five grown-up daughters, she ought to give over thinking of her own beauty. '' `` In such cases, a woman has not often much beauty to think of. '' `` But, my dear, you must indeed go and see  'Simon Weber' when he comes into the neighbourhood. '' `` It is more than I engage for, I assure you. '' `` But consider your daughters. Only think what an establishment it would be for one of them.  'Sebastian Bauersfeld' and  'Romy Hong' are determined to go, merely on that account, for in general, you know, they visit no newcomers. Indeed you must go, for it will be impossible for _us_ to visit him if you do not. '' `` You are over-scrupulous, surely. I dare say  'Simon Weber' will be very glad to see you; and I will send a few lines by you to assure him of my hearty consent to his marrying whichever he chooses of the girls; though I must throw in a good word for my little  'Sharell Bryant'. '' `` I desire you will do no such thing.  'Sharell Bryant' is not a bit better than the others; and I am sure she is not half so handsome as  'Jimmy Li', nor half so good-humoured as  'Willson Mock'. But you are always giving _her_ the preference. '' `` They have none of them much to recommend them, '' replied he; `` they are all silly and ignorant like other girls; but  'Sharell Bryant' has something more of quickness than her sisters. '' ``  'Alex Skryl', how _can_ you abuse your own children in such a way ? You take delight in vexing me. You have no compassion for my poor nerves. '' `` You mistake me, my dear. I have a high respect for your nerves. They are my old friends. I have heard you mention them with consideration these last twenty years at least. '' `` Ah, you do not know what I suffer. '' `` But I hope you will get over it, and live to see many young men of four thousand a year come into the neighbourhood. '' `` It will be no use to us, if twenty such should come, since you will not visit them. '' `` Depend upon it, my dear, that when there are twenty, I will visit them all. ''  'Alex Skryl' was so odd a mixture of quick parts, sarcastic humour, reserve, and caprice, that the experience of three-and-twenty years had been insufficient to make his wife understand his character.  'Nick Bergson-Shilcock' mind was less difficult to develop. She was a woman of mean understanding, little information, and uncertain temper. When she was discontented, she fancied herself nervous. The business of her life was to get her daughters married; its solace was visiting and news. Chapter 2  'Alex Skryl' was among the earliest of those who waited on  'Simon Weber'. He had always intended to visit him, though to the last always assuring his wife that he should not go; and till the evening after the visit was paid she had no knowledge of it. It was then disclosed in the following manner. Observing his second daughter employed in trimming a hat, he suddenly addressed her with : '' I hope  'Simon Weber' will like it,  'Sharell Bryant'. '' `` We are not in a way to know _what_  'Simon Weber' likes, '' said her mother resentfully, `` since we are not to visit. '' `` But you forget, mamma, '' said  'Daniel Schobel', `` that we shall meet him at the assemblies, and that Mrs.  'Be Birchall' promised to introduce him. '' `` I do not believe Mrs.  'Be Birchall' will do any such thing. She has two nieces of her own. She is a selfish, hypocritical woman, and I have no opinion of her. '' `` No more have I, '' said  'Alex Skryl'; `` and I am glad to find that you do not depend on her serving you. '' Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' deigned not to make any reply, but, unable to contain herself, began scolding one of her daughters. `` Do n't keep coughing so,  'Alisa Palson', for  'Georgi Knox' 's sake ! Have a little compassion on my nerves. You tear them to pieces. '' ``  'Alisa Palson' has no discretion in her coughs, '' said her father; `` she times them ill. '' '' I do not cough for my own amusement, '' replied  'Alisa Palson' fretfully. `` When is your next ball to be,  'Sharell Bryant' ? '' `` To-morrow fortnight. '' `` Aye, so it is, '' cried her mother, `` and Mrs.  'Be Birchall' does not come back till the day before; so it will be impossible for her to introduce him, for she will not know him herself. '' `` Then, my dear, you may have the advantage of your friend, and introduce  'Simon Weber' to _her_. '' `` Impossible,  'Alex Skryl', impossible, when I am not acquainted with him myself; how can you be so teasing ? '' `` I honour your circumspection. A fortnight 's acquaintance is certainly very little. One can not know what a man really is by the end of a fortnight. But if _we_ do not venture somebody else will; and after all, Mrs.  'Be Birchall' and her neices must stand their chance; and, therefore, as she will think it an act of kindness, if you decline the office, I will take it on myself. '' The girls stared at their father. Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' said only, `` Nonsense, nonsense ! '' `` What can be the meaning of that emphatic exclamation ? '' cried he. `` Do you consider the forms of introduction, and the stress that is laid on them, as nonsense ? I can not quite agree with you _there_. What say you,  'Andrea Fey' ? For you are a young lady of deep reflection, I know, and read great books and make extracts. ''  'Andrea Fey' wished to say something sensible, but knew not how. `` While  'Andrea Fey' is adjusting her ideas, '' he continued, `` let us return to Mr.  'Nathan Michalov'. '' `` I am sick of  'Simon Weber', '' cried his wife. `` I am sorry to hear _that_; but why did not you tell me that before ? If I had known as much this morning I certainly would not have called on him. It is very unlucky; but as I have actually paid the visit, we can not escape the acquaintance now. '' The astonishment of the ladies was just what he wished; that of Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' perhaps surpassing the rest; though, when the first tumult of joy was over, she began to declare that it was what she had expected all the while. `` How good it was in you, my dear  'Alex Skryl' ! But I knew I should persuade you at last. I was sure you loved your girls too well to neglect such an acquaintance. Well, how pleased I am ! and it is such a good joke, too, that you should have gone this morning and never said a word about it till now. '' `` Now,  'Alisa Palson', you may cough as much as you choose, '' said  'Alex Skryl'; and, as he spoke, he left the room, fatigued with the raptures of his wife. `` What an excellent father you have, girls ! '' said she, when the door was shut. `` I do not know how you will ever make him amends for his kindness; or me, either, for that matter. At our time of life it is not so pleasant, I can tell you, to be making new acquaintances every day; but for your sakes, we would do anything.  'Willson Mock', my love, though you _are_ the youngest, I dare say  'Simon Weber' will dance with you at the next ball. '' `` Oh ! '' said  'Willson Mock' stoutly, `` I am not afraid; for though I _am_ the youngest, I 'm the tallest. '' The rest of the evening was spent in conjecturing how soon he would return  'Alex Skryl' 's visit, and determining when they should ask him to dinner. Chapter 3 Not all that Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque', however, with the assistance of her five daughters, could ask on the subject, was sufficient to draw from her husband any satisfactory description of  'Simon Weber'. They attacked him in various ways -- with barefaced questions, ingenious suppositions, and distant surmises; but he eluded the skill of them all, and they were at last obliged to accept the second-hand intelligence of their neighbour,  'Romy Hong'.  'Rebecca Langer' report was highly favourable.  'Sebastian Bauersfeld' had been delighted with him. He was quite young, wonderfully handsome, extremely agreeable, and, to crown the whole, he meant to be at the next assembly with a large party. Nothing could be more delightful ! To be fond of dancing was a certain step towards falling in love; and very lively hopes of  'Simon Weber' 's heart were entertained. `` If I can but see one of my daughters happily settled at  'Kuan Butts', '' said Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' to her husband, `` and all the others equally well married, I shall have nothing to wish for. '' In a few days  'Simon Weber' returned  'Alex Skryl' 's visit, and sat about ten minutes with him in his library. He had entertained hopes of being admitted to a sight of the young ladies, of whose beauty he had heard much; but he saw only the father. The ladies were somewhat more fortunate, for they had the advantage of ascertaining from an upper window that he wore a blue coat, and rode a black horse. An invitation to dinner was soon afterwards dispatched; and already had Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' planned the courses that were to do credit to her housekeeping, when an answer arrived which deferred it all.  'Simon Weber' was obliged to be in town the following day, and, consequently, unable to accept the honour of their invitation, etc. Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' was quite disconcerted. She could not imagine what business he could have in town so soon after his arrival in  'J.J. (Joel) Fliegelman'; and she began to fear that he might be always flying about from one place to another, and never settled at  'Kuan Butts' as he ought to be.  'Romy Hong' quieted her fears a little by starting the idea of his being gone to London only to get a large party for the ball; and a report soon followed that  'Simon Weber' was to bring twelve ladies and seven gentlemen with him to the assembly. The girls grieved over such a number of ladies, but were comforted the day before the ball by hearing, that instead of twelve he brought only six with him from London -- his five sisters and a cousin. And when the party entered the assembly room it consisted of only five altogether --  'Simon Weber', his two sisters, the husband of the eldest, and another young man.  'Simon Weber' was good-looking and gentlemanlike; he had a pleasant countenance, and easy, unaffected manners. His sisters were fine women, with an air of decided fashion. His brother-in-law,  'Lauren Sperber', merely looked the gentleman; but his friend  'Kenya Stewart' soon drew the attention of the room by his fine, tall person, handsome features, noble mien, and the report which was in general circulation within five minutes after his entrance, of his having ten thousand a year. The gentlemen pronounced him to be a fine figure of a man, the ladies declared he was much handsomer than  'Simon Weber', and he was looked at with great admiration for about half the evening, till his manners gave a disgust which turned the tide of his popularity; for he was discovered to be proud; to be above his company, and above being pleased; and not all his large estate in Derbyshire could then save him from having a most forbidding, disagreeable countenance, and being unworthy to be compared with his friend.  'Simon Weber' had soon made himself acquainted with all the principal people in the room; he was lively and unreserved, danced every dance, was angry that the ball closed so early, and talked of giving one himself at  'Kuan Butts'.  'Senthil Arivudainambi' amiable qualities must speak for themselves. What a contrast between him and his friend !  'Kenya Stewart' danced only once with Mrs.  'Jennifer Clark' and once with  'Greg Hendershott', declined being introduced to any other lady, and spent the rest of the evening in walking about the room, speaking occasionally to one of his own party. His character was decided. He was the proudest, most disagreeable man in the world, and everybody hoped that he would never come there again. Amongst the most violent against him was Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque', whose dislike of his general behaviour was sharpened into particular resentment by his having slighted one of her daughters.  'Lindsey Kuper' had been obliged, by the scarcity of gentlemen, to sit down for two dances; and during part of that time,  'Kenya Stewart' had been standing near enough for her to hear a conversation between him and  'Simon Weber', who came from the dance for a few minutes, to press his friend to join it. `` Come,  'Nava Balsam', '' said he, `` I must have you dance. I hate to see you standing about by yourself in this stupid manner. You had much better dance. '' `` I certainly shall not. You know how I detest it, unless I am particularly acquainted with my partner. At such an assembly as this it would be insupportable. Your sisters are engaged, and there is not another woman in the room whom it would not be a punishment to me to stand up with. '' `` I would not be so fastidious as you are, '' cried  'Simon Weber', `` for a kingdom !  'John Loeber' my honour, I never met with so many pleasant girls in my life as I have this evening; and there are several of them you see uncommonly pretty. '' ``  'Michael Detmold' are dancing with the only handsome girl in the room, '' said  'Kenya Stewart', looking at the eldest  'Jorge Izquierdo'. `` Oh ! She is the most beautiful creature I ever beheld ! But there is one of her sisters sitting down just behind you, who is very pretty, and I dare say very agreeable. Do let me ask my partner to introduce you. '' `` Which do you mean ? '' and turning round he looked for a moment at  'Daniel Schobel', till catching her eye, he withdrew his own and coldly said : '' She is tolerable, but not handsome enough to tempt _me_; I am in no humour at present to give consequence to young ladies who are slighted by other men. You had better return to your partner and enjoy her smiles, for you are wasting your time with me. ''  'Simon Weber' followed his advice.  'Kenya Stewart' walked off; and  'Daniel Schobel' remained with no very cordial feelings toward him. She told the story, however, with great spirit among her friends; for she had a lively, playful disposition, which delighted in anything ridiculous. The evening altogether passed off pleasantly to the whole family. Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' had seen her eldest daughter much admired by the  'Kuan Butts' party.  'Simon Weber' had danced with her twice, and she had been distinguished by his sisters.  'Jimmy Li' was as much gratified by this as her mother could be, though in a quieter way.  'Daniel Schobel' felt Jane's pleasure.  'Andrea Fey' had heard herself mentioned to  'Greg Hendershott' as the most accomplished girl in the neighbourhood; and  'Michael Ford' and  'Willson Mock' had been fortunate enough never to be without partners, which was all that they had yet learnt to care for at a ball. They returned, therefore, in good spirits to  'Alyssa Carter', the village where they lived, and of which they were the principal inhabitants. They found  'Alex Skryl' still up. With a book he was regardless of time; and on the present occasion he had a good deal of curiosity as to the event of an evening which had raised such splendid expectations. He had rather hoped that his wife 's views on the stranger would be disappointed; but he soon found out that he had a different story to hear. `` Oh ! my dear  'Alex Skryl', '' as she entered the room, `` we have had a most delightful evening, a most excellent ball. I wish you had been there.  'Jimmy Li' was so admired, nothing could be like it.  'Samer Masterson' said how well she looked; and  'Simon Weber' thought her quite beautiful, and danced with her twice ! Only think of _that_, my dear; he actually danced with her twice ! and she was the only creature in the room that he asked a second time. First of all, he asked  'Agustin Diaz'. I was so vexed to see him stand up with her ! But, however, he did not admire her at all; indeed, nobody can, you know; and he seemed quite struck with  'Jimmy Li' as she was going down the dance. So he inquired who she was, and got introduced, and asked her for the two next. Then the two third he danced with  'David Karapetyan', and the two fourth with  'Patricia Castellanos', and the two fifth with  'Jimmy Li' again, and the two sixth with  'Sharell Bryant', and the _Boulanger_ -- '' '' If he had had any compassion for _me_, '' cried her husband impatiently, '' he would not have danced half so much ! For  'Tomislav Pesut' 's sake, say no more of his partners. Oh that he had sprained his ankle in the first dance ! '' `` Oh ! my dear, I am quite delighted with him. He is so excessively handsome ! And his sisters are charming women. I never in my life saw anything more elegant than their dresses. I dare say the lace upon Mrs.  'Jennifer Clark' 's gown -- '' Here she was interrupted again.  'Alex Skryl' protested against any description of finery. She was therefore obliged to seek another branch of the subject, and related, with much bitterness of spirit and some exaggeration, the shocking rudeness of  'Kenya Stewart'. `` But I can assure you, '' she added, `` that  'Sharell Bryant' does not lose much by not suiting _his_ fancy; for he is a most disagreeable, horrid man, not at all worth pleasing. So high and so conceited that there was no enduring him ! He walked here, and he walked there, fancying himself so very great ! Not handsome enough to dance with ! I wish you had been there, my dear, to have given him one of your set-downs. I quite detest the man. '' Chapter 4 When  'Jimmy Li' and  'Daniel Schobel' were alone, the former, who had been cautious in her praise of  'Simon Weber' before, expressed to her sister just how very much she admired him. `` He is just what a young man ought to be, '' said she, `` sensible, good-humoured, lively; and I never saw such happy manners ! -- so much ease, with such perfect good breeding ! '' `` He is also handsome, '' replied  'Daniel Schobel', `` which a young man ought likewise to be, if he possibly can. His character is thereby complete. '' `` I was very much flattered by his asking me to dance a second time. I did not expect such a compliment. '' `` Did not you ? I did for you. But that is one great difference between us. Compliments always take _you_ by surprise, and _me_ never. What could be more natural than his asking you again ? He could not help seeing that you were about five times as pretty as every other woman in the room. No thanks to his gallantry for that. Well, he certainly is very agreeable, and I give you leave to like him. You have liked many a stupider person. '' `` Dear  'Sharell Bryant' ! '' `` Oh ! you are a great deal too apt, you know, to like people in general. You never see a fault in anybody. All the world are good and agreeable in your eyes. I never heard you speak ill of a human being in your life. '' `` I would not wish to be hasty in censuring anyone; but I always speak what I think. '' `` I know you do; and it is _that_ which makes the wonder. With _your_ good sense, to be so honestly blind to the follies and nonsense of others ! Affectation of candour is common enough -- one meets with it everywhere. But to be candid without ostentation or design -- to take the good of everybody 's character and make it still better, and say nothing of the bad -- belongs to you alone. And so you like this man 's sisters, too, do you ? Their manners are not equal to his. '' `` Certainly not -- at first. But they are very pleasing women when you converse with them.  'Greg Hendershott' is to live with her brother, and keep his house; and I am much mistaken if we shall not find a very charming neighbour in her. ''  'Daniel Schobel' listened in silence, but was not convinced; their behaviour at the assembly had not been calculated to please in general; and with more quickness of observation and less pliancy of temper than her sister, and with a judgement too unassailed by any attention to herself, she was very little disposed to approve them. They were in fact very fine ladies; not deficient in good humour when they were pleased, nor in the power of making themselves agreeable when they chose it, but proud and conceited. They were rather handsome, had been educated in one of the first private seminaries in town, had a fortune of twenty thousand pounds, were in the habit of spending more than they ought, and of associating with people of rank, and were therefore in every respect entitled to think well of themselves, and meanly of others. They were of a respectable family in the north of England; a circumstance more deeply impressed on their memories than that their brother 's fortune and their own had been acquired by trade.  'Simon Weber' inherited property to the amount of nearly a hundred thousand pounds from his father, who had intended to purchase an estate, but did not live to do it.  'Simon Weber' intended it likewise, and sometimes made choice of his county; but as he was now provided with a good house and the liberty of a manor, it was doubtful to many of those who best knew the easiness of his temper, whether he might not spend the remainder of his days at  'Kuan Butts', and leave the next generation to purchase. His sisters were anxious for his having an estate of his own; but, though he was now only established as a tenant,  'Greg Hendershott' was by no means unwilling to preside at his table -- nor was Mrs.  'Jennifer Clark', who had married a man of more fashion than fortune, less disposed to consider his house as her home when it suited her.  'Simon Weber' had not been of age two years, when he was tempted by an accidental recommendation to look at Netherfield House. He did look at it, and into it for half-an-hour -- was pleased with the situation and the principal rooms, satisfied with what the owner said in its praise, and took it immediately. Between him and  'Nava Balsam' there was a very steady friendship, in spite of great opposition of character.  'Nathan Michalov' was endeared to  'Nava Balsam' by the easiness, openness, and ductility of his temper, though no disposition could offer a greater contrast to his own, and though with his own he never appeared dissatisfied. On the strength of  'Nava Balsam' 's regard,  'Nathan Michalov' had the firmest reliance, and of his judgement the highest opinion. In understanding,  'Nava Balsam' was the superior.  'Nathan Michalov' was by no means deficient, but  'Nava Balsam' was clever. He was at the same time haughty, reserved, and fastidious, and his manners, though well-bred, were not inviting. In that respect his friend had greatly the advantage.  'Nathan Michalov' was sure of being liked wherever he appeared,  'Nava Balsam' was continually giving offense. The manner in which they spoke of the  'Darius Bacon' assembly was sufficiently characteristic.  'Nathan Michalov' had never met with more pleasant people or prettier girls in his life; everybody had been most kind and attentive to him; there had been no formality, no stiffness; he had soon felt acquainted with all the room; and, as to  'Jorge Izquierdo', he could not conceive an angel more beautiful.  'Nava Balsam', on the contrary, had seen a collection of people in whom there was little beauty and no fashion, for none of whom he had felt the smallest interest, and from none received either attention or pleasure.  'Austin Guest'  'Xavier Antoviaque' he acknowledged to be pretty, but she smiled too much. Mrs.  'Jennifer Clark' and her sister allowed it to be so -- but still they admired her and liked her, and pronounced her to be a sweet girl, and one whom they would not object to know more of.  'Jorge Izquierdo' was therefore established as a sweet girl, and their brother felt authorized by such commendation to think of her as he chose. Chapter 5 Within a short walk of  'Alyssa Carter' lived a family with whom the Bennets were particularly intimate.  'Colin Marc' had been formerly in trade in  'Darius Bacon', where he had made a tolerable fortune, and risen to the honour of knighthood by an address to the king during his mayoralty. The distinction had perhaps been felt too strongly. It had given him a disgust to his business, and to his residence in a small market town; and, in quitting them both, he had removed with his family to a house about a mile from  'Darius Bacon', denominated from that period  'David Campbell', where he could think with pleasure of his own importance, and, unshackled by business, occupy himself solely in being civil to all the world. For, though elated by his rank, it did not render him supercilious; on the contrary, he was all attention to everybody. By nature inoffensive, friendly, and obliging, his presentation at St. James 's had made him courteous.  'Romy Hong' was a very good kind of woman, not too clever to be a valuable neighbour to Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque'. They had several children. The eldest of them, a sensible, intelligent young woman, about twenty-seven, was  'Daniel Schobel' 's intimate friend. That the Miss Lucases and the Miss Bennets should meet to talk over a ball was absolutely necessary; and the morning after the assembly brought the former to  'Alyssa Carter' to hear and to communicate. ``  'Michael Detmold' began the evening well,  'Alex Alekseyev', '' said Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' with civil self-command to  'Agustin Diaz'. ``  'Michael Detmold' were  'Simon Weber' 's first choice. '' `` Yes; but he seemed to like his second better. '' `` Oh ! you mean  'Jimmy Li', I suppose, because he danced with her twice. To be sure that _did_ seem as if he admired her -- indeed I rather believe he _did_ -- I heard something about it -- but I hardly know what -- something about Mr.  'Patrick Renschler'. '' `` Perhaps you mean what I overheard between him and  'Doron Roberts-Kedes'; did not I mention it to you ?  'Doron Roberts-Kedes' 's asking him how he liked our  'Darius Bacon' assemblies, and whether he did not think there were a great many pretty women in the room, and _which_ he thought the prettiest ? and his answering immediately to the last question : 'Oh ! the eldest  'Jorge Izquierdo', beyond a doubt; there can not be two opinions on that point. ' '' ``  'John Loeber' my word ! Well, that is very decided indeed -- that does seem as if -- but, however, it may all come to nothing, you know. '' ``  'Irvin Hwang' overhearings were more to the purpose than _yours_,  'Mel Chua', '' said  'Alex Alekseyev'. ``  'Kenya Stewart' is not so well worth listening to as his friend, is he ? -- poor  'Mel Chua' ! -- to be only just _tolerable_. '' `` I beg you would not put it into  'Sharell Bryant' 's head to be vexed by his ill-treatment, for he is such a disagreeable man, that it would be quite a misfortune to be liked by him. Mrs.  'Be Birchall' told me last night that he sat close to her for half-an-hour without once opening his lips. '' `` Are you quite sure, ma'am ? -- is not there a little mistake ? '' said  'Jimmy Li'. `` I certainly saw  'Kenya Stewart' speaking to her. '' `` Aye -- because she asked him at last how he liked  'Kuan Butts', and he could not help answering her; but she said he seemed quite angry at being spoke to. '' ``  'Greg Hendershott' told me, '' said  'Jimmy Li', `` that he never speaks much, unless among his intimate acquaintances. With _them_ he is remarkably agreeable. '' `` I do not believe a word of it, my dear. If he had been so very agreeable, he would have talked to Mrs.  'Be Birchall'. But I can guess how it was; everybody says that he is eat up with pride, and I dare say he had heard somehow that Mrs.  'Be Birchall' does not keep a carriage, and had come to the ball in a hack chaise. '' `` I do not mind his not talking to Mrs.  'Be Birchall', '' said  'Agustin Diaz', `` but I wish he had danced with  'Mel Chua'. '' `` Another time,  'Sharell Bryant', '' said her mother, `` I would not dance with _him_, if I were you. '' `` I believe, ma'am, I may safely promise you _never_ to dance with him. '' `` His pride, '' said  'Agustin Diaz', `` does not offend _me_ so much as pride often does, because there is an excuse for it. One can not wonder that so very fine a young man, with family, fortune, everything in his favour, should think highly of himself. If I may so express it, he has a _right_ to be proud. '' `` That is very true, '' replied  'Daniel Schobel', `` and I could easily forgive _his_ pride, if he had not mortified _mine_. '' `` Pride, '' observed  'Andrea Fey', who piqued herself upon the solidity of her reflections, `` is a very common failing, I believe. By all that I have ever read, I am convinced that it is very common indeed; that human nature is particularly prone to it, and that there are very few of us who do not cherish a feeling of self-complacency on the score of some quality or other, real or imaginary.  'Jos\xc3\xa9 Valim' and pride are different things, though the words are often used synonymously. A person may be proud without being vain. Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves, vanity to what we would have others think of us. '' `` If I were as rich as  'Kenya Stewart', '' cried a young  'Einas Haddad', who came with his sisters, `` I should not care how proud I was. I would keep a pack of foxhounds, and drink a bottle of wine a day. '' `` Then you would drink a great deal more than you ought, '' said Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque'; `` and if I were to see you at it, I should take away your bottle directly. '' The boy protested that she should not; she continued to declare that she would, and the argument ended only with the visit. Chapter 6 The ladies of  'Alyssa Carter' soon waited on those of  'Kuan Butts'. The visit was soon returned in due form.  'Jorge Izquierdo' 's pleasing manners grew on the goodwill of Mrs.  'Jennifer Clark' and  'Greg Hendershott'; and though the mother was found to be intolerable, and the younger sisters not worth speaking to, a wish of being better acquainted with _them_ was expressed towards the two eldest. By  'Jimmy Li', this attention was received with the greatest pleasure, but  'Daniel Schobel' still saw superciliousness in their treatment of everybody, hardly excepting even her sister, and could not like them; though their kindness to  'Jimmy Li', such as it was, had a value as arising in all probability from the influence of their brother 's admiration. It was generally evident whenever they met, that he _did_ admire her and to _her_ it was equally evident that  'Jimmy Li' was yielding to the preference which she had begun to entertain for him from the first, and was in a way to be very much in love; but she considered with pleasure that it was not likely to be discovered by the world in general, since  'Jimmy Li' united, with great strength of feeling, a composure of temper and a uniform cheerfulness of manner which would guard her from the suspicions of the impertinent. She mentioned this to her friend  'Agustin Diaz'. `` It may perhaps be pleasant, '' replied  'Alex Alekseyev', `` to be able to impose on the public in such a case; but it is sometimes a disadvantage to be so very guarded. If a woman conceals her affection with the same skill from the object of it, she may lose the opportunity of fixing him; and it will then be but poor consolation to believe the world equally in the dark. There is so much of gratitude or vanity in almost every attachment, that it is not safe to leave any to itself. We can all _begin_ freely -- a slight preference is natural enough; but there are very few of us who have heart enough to be really in love without encouragement. In nine cases out of ten a women had better show _more_ affection than she feels.  'Nathan Michalov' likes your sister undoubtedly; but he may never do more than like her, if she does not help him on. '' `` But she does help him on, as much as her nature will allow. If I can perceive her regard for him, he must be a simpleton, indeed, not to discover it too. '' `` Remember,  'Mel Chua', that he does not know  'Jimmy Li' 's disposition as you do. '' `` But if a woman is partial to a man, and does not endeavour to conceal it, he must find it out. '' `` Perhaps he must, if he sees enough of her. But, though  'Nathan Michalov' and  'Jimmy Li' meet tolerably often, it is never for many hours together; and, as they always see each other in large mixed parties, it is impossible that every moment should be employed in conversing together.  'Jimmy Li' should therefore make the most of every half-hour in which she can command his attention. When she is secure of him, there will be more leisure for falling in love as much as she chooses. '' `` Your plan is a good one, '' replied  'Daniel Schobel', `` where nothing is in question but the desire of being well married, and if I were determined to get a rich husband, or any husband, I dare say I should adopt it. But these are not  'Jimmy Li' 's feelings; she is not acting by design. As yet, she can not even be certain of the degree of her own regard nor of its reasonableness. She has known him only a fortnight. She danced four dances with him at  'Darius Bacon'; she saw him one morning at his own house, and has since dined with him in company four times. This is not quite enough to make her understand his character. '' `` Not as you represent it. Had she merely _dined_ with him, she might only have discovered whether he had a good appetite; but you must remember that four evenings have also been spent together -- and four evenings may do a great deal. '' `` Yes; these four evenings have enabled them to ascertain that they both like Vingt-un better than Commerce; but with respect to any other leading characteristic, I do not imagine that much has been unfolded. '' `` Well, '' said  'Alex Alekseyev', `` I wish  'Jimmy Li' success with all my heart; and if she were married to him to-morrow, I should think she had as good a chance of happiness as if she were to be studying his character for a twelvemonth. Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance. If the dispositions of the parties are ever so well known to each other or ever so similar beforehand, it does not advance their felicity in the least. They always continue to grow sufficiently unlike afterwards to have their share of vexation; and it is better to know as little as possible of the defects of the person with whom you are to pass your life. '' `` You make me laugh,  'Alex Alekseyev'; but it is not sound. You know it is not sound, and that you would never act in this way yourself. '' Occupied in observing  'Simon Weber' 's attentions to her sister,  'Daniel Schobel' was far from suspecting that she was herself becoming an object of some interest in the eyes of his friend.  'Kenya Stewart' had at first scarcely allowed her to be pretty; he had looked at her without admiration at the ball; and when they next met, he looked at her only to criticise. But no sooner had he made it clear to himself and his friends that she hardly had a good feature in her face, than he began to find it was rendered uncommonly intelligent by the beautiful expression of her dark eyes. To this discovery succeeded some others equally mortifying. Though he had detected with a critical eye more than one failure of perfect symmetry in her form, he was forced to acknowledge her figure to be light and pleasing; and in spite of his asserting that her manners were not those of the fashionable world, he was caught by their easy playfulness. Of this she was perfectly unaware; to her he was only the man who made himself agreeable nowhere, and who had not thought her handsome enough to dance with. He began to wish to know more of her, and as a step towards conversing with her himself, attended to her conversation with others. His doing so drew her notice. It was at Sir  'Joe Del' 's, where a large party were assembled. `` What does  'Kenya Stewart' mean, '' said she to  'Alex Alekseyev', `` by listening to my conversation with  'Michael Robert Arntzenius' ? '' `` That is a question which  'Kenya Stewart' only can answer. '' `` But if he does it any more I shall certainly let him know that I see what he is about. He has a very satirical eye, and if I do not begin by being impertinent myself, I shall soon grow afraid of him. '' On his approaching them soon afterwards, though without seeming to have any intention of speaking,  'Agustin Diaz' defied her friend to mention such a subject to him; which immediately provoking  'Daniel Schobel' to do it, she turned to him and said : '' Did you not think,  'Kenya Stewart', that I expressed myself uncommonly well just now, when I was teasing Colonel Forster to give us a ball at  'Darius Bacon' ? '' `` With great energy; but it is always a subject which makes a lady energetic. '' `` You are severe on us. '' `` It will be _her_ turn soon to be teased, '' said  'Agustin Diaz'. `` I am going to open the instrument,  'Mel Chua', and you know what follows. '' `` You are a very strange creature by way of a friend ! -- always wanting me to play and sing before anybody and everybody ! If my vanity had taken a musical turn, you would have been invaluable; but as it is, I would really rather not sit down before those who must be in the habit of hearing the very best performers. '' On  'Austin Guest'  'Einas Haddad' 's persevering, however, she added, ``  'Holger Sindbaek' well, if it must be so, it must. '' And gravely glancing at  'Kenya Stewart', `` There is a fine old saying, which everybody here is of course familiar with : 'Keep your breath to cool your porridge '; and I shall keep mine to swell my song. ''  'Rebecca Langer' performance was pleasing, though by no means capital. After a song or two, and before she could reply to the entreaties of several that she would sing again, she was eagerly succeeded at the instrument by her sister  'Andrea Fey', who having, in consequence of being the only plain one in the family, worked hard for knowledge and accomplishments, was always impatient for display.  'Andrea Fey' had neither genius nor taste; and though vanity had given her application, it had given her likewise a pedantic air and conceited manner, which would have injured a higher degree of excellence than she had reached.  'Daniel Schobel', easy and unaffected, had been listened to with much more pleasure, though not playing half so well; and  'Andrea Fey', at the end of a long concerto, was glad to purchase praise and gratitude by  'David Peter' and Irish airs, at the request of her younger sisters, who, with some of the Lucases, and two or three officers, joined eagerly in dancing at one end of the room.  'Kenya Stewart' stood near them in silent indignation at such a mode of passing the evening, to the exclusion of all conversation, and was too much engrossed by his thoughts to perceive that  'Colin Marc' was his neighbour, till  'Sebastian Bauersfeld' thus began : '' What a charming amusement for young people this is,  'Kenya Stewart' ! There is nothing like dancing after all. I consider it as one of the first refinements of polished society. '' `` Certainly, sir; and it has the advantage also of being in vogue amongst the less polished societies of the world. Every savage can dance. ''  'Sebastian Bauersfeld' only smiled. `` Your friend performs delightfully, '' he continued after a pause, on seeing  'Nathan Michalov' join the group; `` and I doubt not that you are an adept in the science yourself, Mr.  'Nava Balsam'. '' `` You saw me dance at  'Darius Bacon', I believe, sir. '' `` Yes, indeed, and received no inconsiderable pleasure from the sight. Do you often dance at St.  'Greg Price' 's ? '' `` Never, sir. '' `` Do you not think it would be a proper compliment to the place ? '' `` It is a compliment which I never pay to any place if I can avoid it. '' `` You have a house in town, I conclude ? ''  'Kenya Stewart' bowed. `` I had once had some thought of fixing in town myself -- for I am fond of superior society; but I did not feel quite certain that the air of London would agree with  'Romy Hong'. '' He paused in hopes of an answer; but his companion was not disposed to make any; and  'Daniel Schobel' at that instant moving towards them, he was struck with the action of doing a very gallant thing, and called out to her : '' My dear  'Alice Monday', why are you not dancing ?  'Kenya Stewart', you must allow me to present this young lady to you as a very desirable partner. You can not refuse to dance, I am sure when so much beauty is before you. '' And, taking her hand, he would have given it to  'Kenya Stewart' who, though extremely surprised, was not unwilling to receive it, when she instantly drew back, and said with some discomposure to  'Sebastian Bauersfeld' : '' Indeed, sir, I have not the least intention of dancing. I entreat you not to suppose that I moved this way in order to beg for a partner. ''  'Kenya Stewart', with grave propriety, requested to be allowed the honour of her hand, but in vain.  'Daniel Schobel' was determined; nor did  'Sebastian Bauersfeld' at all shake her purpose by his attempt at persuasion. `` You excel so much in the dance,  'Alice Monday', that it is cruel to deny me the happiness of seeing you; and though this gentleman dislikes the amusement in general, he can have no objection, I am sure, to oblige us for one half-hour. '' ``  'Kenya Stewart' is all politeness, '' said  'Daniel Schobel', smiling. `` He is, indeed; but, considering the inducement, my dear  'Alice Monday', we can not wonder at his complaisance -- for who would object to such a partner ? ''  'Daniel Schobel' looked archly, and turned away.  'Rebecca Langer' resistance had not injured her with the gentleman, and he was thinking of her with some complacency, when thus accosted by  'Greg Hendershott' : '' I can guess the subject of your reverie. '' `` I should imagine not. '' `` You are considering how insupportable it would be to pass many evenings in this manner -- in such society; and indeed I am quite of your opinion. I was never more annoyed ! The insipidity, and yet the noise -- the nothingness, and yet the self-importance of all those people ! What would I give to hear your strictures on them ! '' `` Your conjecture is totally wrong, I assure you. My mind was more agreeably engaged. I have been meditating on the very great pleasure which a pair of fine eyes in the face of a pretty woman can bestow. ''  'Greg Hendershott' immediately fixed her eyes on his face, and desired he would tell her what lady had the credit of inspiring such reflections.  'Kenya Stewart' replied with great intrepidity : ''  'Maria Pacana'. '' ``  'Maria Pacana' ! '' repeated  'Greg Hendershott'. `` I am all astonishment. How long has she been such a favourite ? -- and pray, when am I to wish you joy ? '' `` That is exactly the question which I expected you to ask. A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony, in a moment. I knew you would be wishing me joy. '' ``  'Will Byrd', if you are serious about it, I shall consider the matter is absolutely settled. You will be having a charming mother-in-law, indeed; and, of course, she will always be at  'Ceri Stagg' with you. '' He listened to her with perfect indifference while she chose to entertain herself in this manner; and as his composure convinced her that all was safe, her wit flowed long. Chapter 7  'Alex Skryl' 's property consisted almost entirely in an estate of two thousand a year, which, unfortunately for his daughters, was entailed, in default of heirs male, on a distant relation; and their mother's fortune, though ample for her situation in life, could but ill supply the deficiency of his.  'Rebecca Langer' father had been an attorney in  'Darius Bacon', and had left her four thousand pounds. She had a sister married to a  'Zack Maril', who had been a clerk to their father and succeeded him in the business, and a brother settled in London in a respectable line of trade. The village of  'Alyssa Carter' was only one mile from  'Darius Bacon'; a most convenient distance for the young ladies, who were usually tempted thither three or four times a week, to pay their duty to their aunt and to a milliner 's shop just over the way. The two youngest of the family,  'Michael Ford' and  'Willson Mock', were particularly frequent in these attentions; their minds were more vacant than their sisters ', and when nothing better offered, a walk to  'Darius Bacon' was necessary to amuse their morning hours and furnish conversation for the evening; and however bare of news the country in general might be, they always contrived to learn some from their aunt. At present, indeed, they were well supplied both with news and happiness by the recent arrival of a militia regiment in the neighbourhood; it was to remain the whole winter, and  'Darius Bacon' was the headquarters. Their visits to Mrs.  'Sarah Kuehnle' were now productive of the most interesting intelligence. Every day added something to their knowledge of the officers ' names and connections. Their lodgings were not long a secret, and at length they began to know the officers themselves.  'Zack Maril' visited them all, and this opened to his nieces a store of felicity unknown before. They could talk of nothing but officers; and  'Simon Weber' 's large fortune, the mention of which gave animation to their mother, was worthless in their eyes when opposed to the regimentals of an ensign. After listening one morning to their effusions on this subject,  'Alex Skryl' coolly observed : '' From all that I can collect by your manner of talking, you must be two of the silliest girls in the country. I have suspected it some time, but I am now convinced. ''  'Michael Ford' was disconcerted, and made no answer; but  'Willson Mock', with perfect indifference, continued to express her admiration of  'Justin Huang', and her hope of seeing him in the course of the day, as he was going the next morning to London. `` I am astonished, my dear, '' said Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque', `` that you should be so ready to think your own children silly. If I wished to think slightingly of anybody 's children, it should not be of my own, however. '' `` If my children are silly, I must hope to be always sensible of it. '' `` Yes -- but as it happens, they are all of them very clever. '' `` This is the only point, I flatter myself, on which we do not agree. I had hoped that our sentiments coincided in every particular, but I must so far differ from you as to think our two youngest daughters uncommonly foolish. '' `` My dear  'Alex Skryl', you must not expect such girls to have the sense of their father and mother. When they get to our age, I dare say they will not think about officers any more than we do. I remember the time when I liked a red coat myself very well -- and, indeed, so I do still at my heart; and if a smart young colonel, with five or six thousand a year, should want one of my girls I shall not say nay to him; and I thought Colonel Forster looked very becoming the other night at  'Sebastian Bauersfeld' 's in his regimentals. '' ``  'Geoff Shannon', '' cried  'Willson Mock', `` my aunt says that  'Michael Robert Arntzenius' and  'Justin Huang' do not go so often to  'Jeff Fowler' 's as they did when they first came; she sees them now very often standing in Clarke 's library. '' Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' was prevented replying by the entrance of the footman with a note for  'Jorge Izquierdo'; it came from  'Kuan Butts', and the servant waited for an answer. Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' 's eyes sparkled with pleasure, and she was eagerly calling out, while her daughter read, '' Well,  'Jimmy Li', who is it from ? What is it about ? What does he say ? Well,  'Jimmy Li', make haste and tell us; make haste, my love. '' `` It is from  'Greg Hendershott', '' said  'Jimmy Li', and then read it aloud. `` MY DEAR FRIEND, -- '' If you are not so compassionate as to dine to-day with  'Nicholas Chammas' and me, we shall be in danger of hating each other for the rest of our lives, for a whole day 's tete-a-tete between two women can never end without a quarrel. Come as soon as you can on receipt of this. My brother and the gentlemen are to dine with the officers. -- Yours ever, '' CAROLINE BINGLEY '' '' With the officers ! '' cried  'Willson Mock'. `` I wonder my aunt did not tell us of _that_. '' `` Dining out, '' said Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque', `` that is very unlucky. '' `` Can I have the carriage ? '' said  'Jimmy Li'. `` No, my dear, you had better go on horseback, because it seems likely to rain; and then you must stay all night. '' `` That would be a good scheme, '' said  'Daniel Schobel', `` if you were sure that they would not offer to send her home. '' `` Oh ! but the gentlemen will have  'Simon Weber' 's chaise to go to  'Darius Bacon', and the Hursts have no horses to theirs. '' `` I had much rather go in the coach. '' `` But, my dear, your father can not spare the horses, I am sure. They are wanted in the farm,  'Alex Skryl', are they not ? '' `` They are wanted in the farm much oftener than I can get them. '' `` But if you have got them to-day, '' said  'Daniel Schobel', `` my mother 's purpose will be answered. '' She did at last extort from her father an acknowledgment that the horses were engaged.  'Jimmy Li' was therefore obliged to go on horseback, and her mother attended her to the door with many cheerful prognostics of a bad day.  'Rebecca Langer' hopes were answered;  'Jimmy Li' had not been gone long before it rained hard.  'Rebecca Langer' sisters were uneasy for her, but her mother was delighted. The rain continued the whole evening without intermission;  'Jimmy Li' certainly could not come back. `` This was a lucky idea of mine, indeed ! '' said Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' more than once, as if the credit of making it rain were all her own. Till the next morning, however, she was not aware of all the felicity of her contrivance.  'Huyen Tran' was scarcely over when a servant from  'Kuan Butts' brought the following note for  'Daniel Schobel' : '' MY DEAREST LIZZY, -- '' I find myself very unwell this morning, which, I suppose, is to be imputed to my getting wet through yesterday. My kind friends will not hear of my returning till I am better. They insist also on my seeing  'Jacob Schonberg' -- therefore do not be alarmed if you should hear of his having been to me -- and, excepting a sore throat and headache, there is not much the matter with me. -- Yours, etc. '' `` Well, my dear, '' said  'Alex Skryl', when  'Daniel Schobel' had read the note aloud, `` if your daughter should have a dangerous fit of illness -- if she should die, it would be a comfort to know that it was all in pursuit of  'Simon Weber', and under your orders. '' `` Oh ! I am not afraid of her dying. People do not die of little trifling colds. She will be taken good care of. As long as she stays there, it is all very well. I would go and see her if I could have the carriage. ''  'Daniel Schobel', feeling really anxious, was determined to go to her, though the carriage was not to be had; and as she was no horsewoman, walking was her only alternative. She declared her resolution. `` How can you be so silly, '' cried her mother, `` as to think of such a thing, in all this dirt ! You will not be fit to be seen when you get there. '' `` I shall be very fit to see  'Jimmy Li' -- which is all I want. '' `` Is this a hint to me,  'Sharell Bryant', '' said her father, `` to send for the horses ? '' `` No, indeed, I do not wish to avoid the walk. The distance is nothing when one has a motive; only three miles. I shall be back by dinner. '' `` I admire the activity of your benevolence, '' observed  'Andrea Fey', `` but every impulse of feeling should be guided by reason; and, in my opinion, exertion should always be in proportion to what is required. '' `` We will go as far as  'Darius Bacon' with you, '' said  'Michael Ford' and  'Willson Mock'.  'Daniel Schobel' accepted their company, and the three young ladies set off together. `` If we make haste, '' said  'Willson Mock', as they walked along, `` perhaps we may see something of Captain Carter before he goes. '' In  'Darius Bacon' they parted; the two youngest repaired to the lodgings of one of the officers ' wives, and  'Daniel Schobel' continued her walk alone, crossing field after field at a quick pace, jumping over stiles and springing over puddles with impatient activity, and finding herself at last within view of the house, with weary ankles, dirty stockings, and a face glowing with the warmth of exercise. She was shown into the breakfast-parlour, where all but  'Jimmy Li' were assembled, and where her appearance created a great deal of surprise. That she should have walked three miles so early in the day, in such dirty weather, and by herself, was almost incredible to Mrs.  'Jennifer Clark' and  'Greg Hendershott'; and  'Daniel Schobel' was convinced that they held her in contempt for it. She was received, however, very politely by them; and in their brother 's manners there was something better than politeness; there was good humour and kindness.  'Kenya Stewart' said very little, and  'Lauren Sperber' nothing at all. The former was divided between admiration of the brilliancy which exercise had given to her complexion, and doubt as to the occasion 's justifying her coming so far alone. The latter was thinking only of his breakfast.  'Rebecca Langer' inquiries after her sister were not very favourably answered.  'Jorge Izquierdo' had slept ill, and though up, was very feverish, and not well enough to leave her room.  'Daniel Schobel' was glad to be taken to her immediately; and  'Jimmy Li', who had only been withheld by the fear of giving alarm or inconvenience from expressing in her note how much she longed for such a visit, was delighted at her entrance. She was not equal, however, to much conversation, and when  'Greg Hendershott' left them together, could attempt little besides expressions of gratitude for the extraordinary kindness she was treated with.  'Daniel Schobel' silently attended her. When breakfast was over they were joined by the sisters; and  'Daniel Schobel' began to like them herself, when she saw how much affection and solicitude they showed for  'Jimmy Li'. The apothecary came, and having examined his patient, said, as might be supposed, that she had caught a violent cold, and that they must endeavour to get the better of it; advised her to return to bed, and promised her some draughts. The advice was followed readily, for the feverish symptoms increased, and her head ached acutely.  'Daniel Schobel' did not quit her room for a moment; nor were the other ladies often absent; the gentlemen being out, they had, in fact, nothing to do elsewhere. When the clock struck three,  'Daniel Schobel' felt that she must go, and very unwillingly said so.  'Greg Hendershott' offered her the carriage, and she only wanted a little pressing to accept it, when  'Jimmy Li' testified such concern in parting with her, that  'Greg Hendershott' was obliged to convert the offer of the chaise to an invitation to remain at  'Kuan Butts' for the present.  'Daniel Schobel' most thankfully consented, and a servant was dispatched to  'Alyssa Carter' to acquaint the family with her stay and bring back a supply of clothes. Chapter 8 At five o'clock the two ladies retired to dress, and at half-past six  'Daniel Schobel' was summoned to dinner. To the civil inquiries which then poured in, and amongst which she had the pleasure of distinguishing the much superior solicitude of  'Simon Weber' 's, she could not make a very favourable answer.  'Jimmy Li' was by no means better. The sisters, on hearing this, repeated three or four times how much they were grieved, how shocking it was to have a bad cold, and how excessively they disliked being ill themselves; and then thought no more of the matter : and their indifference towards  'Jimmy Li' when not immediately before them restored  'Daniel Schobel' to the enjoyment of all her former dislike. Their brother, indeed, was the only one of the party whom she could regard with any complacency. His anxiety for  'Jimmy Li' was evident, and his attentions to herself most pleasing, and they prevented her feeling herself so much an intruder as she believed she was considered by the others. She had very little notice from any but him.  'Greg Hendershott' was engrossed by  'Kenya Stewart', her sister scarcely less so; and as for  'Lauren Sperber', by whom  'Daniel Schobel' sat, he was an indolent man, who lived only to eat, drink, and play at cards; who, when he found her to prefer a plain dish to a ragout, had nothing to say to her. When dinner was over, she returned directly to  'Jimmy Li', and  'Greg Hendershott' began abusing her as soon as she was out of the room.  'Rebecca Langer' manners were pronounced to be very bad indeed, a mixture of pride and impertinence; she had no conversation, no style, no beauty. Mrs.  'Jennifer Clark' thought the same, and added : '' She has nothing, in short, to recommend her, but being an excellent walker. I shall never forget her appearance this morning. She really looked almost wild. '' `` She did, indeed,  'Nicholas Chammas'. I could hardly keep my countenance.  'Holger Sindbaek' nonsensical to come at all ! Why must _she_ be scampering about the country, because her sister had a cold ?  'Rebecca Langer' hair, so untidy, so blowsy ! '' `` Yes, and her petticoat; I hope you saw her petticoat, six inches deep in mud, I am absolutely certain; and the gown which had been let down to hide it not doing its office. '' `` Your picture may be very exact,  'Nicholas Chammas', '' said  'Nathan Michalov'; `` but this was all lost upon me. I thought  'Maria Pacana' looked remarkably well when she came into the room this morning.  'Rebecca Langer' dirty petticoat quite escaped my notice. '' ``  'Michael Detmold' observed it,  'Kenya Stewart', I am sure, '' said  'Greg Hendershott'; `` and I am inclined to think that you would not wish to see _your_ sister make such an exhibition. '' `` Certainly not. '' `` To walk three miles, or four miles, or five miles, or whatever it is, above her ankles in dirt, and alone, quite alone ! What could she mean by it ? It seems to me to show an abominable sort of conceited independence, a most country-town indifference to decorum. '' `` It shows an affection for her sister that is very pleasing, '' said  'Nathan Michalov'. `` I am afraid,  'Kenya Stewart', '' observed  'Greg Hendershott' in a half whisper, `` that this adventure has rather affected your admiration of her fine eyes. '' `` Not at all, '' he replied; `` they were brightened by the exercise. '' A short pause followed this speech, and Mrs.  'Jennifer Clark' began again : '' I have an excessive regard for  'Rachel Vincent', she is really a very sweet girl, and I wish with all my heart she were well settled. But with such a father and mother, and such low connections, I am afraid there is no chance of it. '' `` I think I have heard you say that their uncle is an attorney in  'Darius Bacon'. '' `` Yes; and they have another, who lives somewhere near Cheapside. '' `` That is capital, '' added her sister, and they both laughed heartily. `` If they had uncles enough to fill _all_ Cheapside, '' cried  'Nathan Michalov', `` it would not make them one jot less agreeable. '' `` But it must very materially lessen their chance of marrying men of any consideration in the world, '' replied  'Nava Balsam'. To this speech  'Nathan Michalov' made no answer; but his sisters gave it their hearty assent, and indulged their mirth for some time at the expense of their dear friend 's vulgar relations. With a renewal of tenderness, however, they returned to her room on leaving the dining-parlour, and sat with her till summoned to coffee. She was still very poorly, and  'Daniel Schobel' would not quit her at all, till late in the evening, when she had the comfort of seeing her sleep, and when it seemed to her rather right than pleasant that she should go downstairs herself. On entering the drawing-room she found the whole party at loo, and was immediately invited to join them; but suspecting them to be playing high she declined it, and making her sister the excuse, said she would amuse herself for the short time she could stay below, with a book.  'Lauren Sperber' looked at her with astonishment. `` Do you prefer reading to cards ? '' said he; `` that is rather singular. '' ``  'Richard Burton', '' said  'Greg Hendershott', `` despises cards. She is a great reader, and has no pleasure in anything else. '' `` I deserve neither such praise nor such censure, '' cried  'Daniel Schobel'; `` I am _not_ a great reader, and I have pleasure in many things. '' `` In nursing your sister I am sure you have pleasure, '' said  'Nathan Michalov'; `` and I hope it will be soon increased by seeing her quite well. ''  'Daniel Schobel' thanked him from her heart, and then walked towards the table where a few books were lying. He immediately offered to fetch her others -- all that his library afforded. `` And I wish my collection were larger for your benefit and my own credit; but I am an idle fellow, and though I have not many, I have more than I ever looked into. ''  'Daniel Schobel' assured him that she could suit herself perfectly with those in the room. `` I am astonished, '' said  'Greg Hendershott', `` that my father should have left so small a collection of books. What a delightful library you have at  'Ceri Stagg', Mr.  'Nava Balsam' ! '' `` It ought to be good, '' he replied, `` it has been the work of many generations. '' `` And then you have added so much to it yourself, you are always buying books. '' `` I can not comprehend the neglect of a family library in such days as these. '' `` Neglect ! I am sure you neglect nothing that can add to the beauties of that noble place.  'David Leibovic', when you build _your_ house, I wish it may be half as delightful as  'Ceri Stagg'. '' `` I wish it may. '' `` But I would really advise you to make your purchase in that neighbourhood, and take  'Ceri Stagg' for a kind of model. There is not a finer county in England than Derbyshire. '' `` With all my heart; I will buy  'Ceri Stagg' itself if  'Nava Balsam' will sell it. '' `` I am talking of possibilities,  'David Leibovic'. '' ``  'John Loeber' my word,  'James A. Keene', I should think it more possible to get  'Ceri Stagg' by purchase than by imitation. ''  'Daniel Schobel' was so much caught with what passed, as to leave her very little attention for her book; and soon laying it wholly aside, she drew near the card-table, and stationed herself between  'Simon Weber' and his eldest sister, to observe the game. `` Is  'Thomas Lahr' much grown since the spring ? '' said  'Greg Hendershott'; `` will she be as tall as I am ? '' `` I think she will. She is now about  'Maria Pacana' 's height, or rather taller. '' `` How I long to see her again ! I never met with anybody who delighted me so much.  'Senthil Arivudainambi' a countenance, such manners ! And so extremely accomplished for her age !  'Rebecca Langer' performance on the pianoforte is exquisite. '' `` It is amazing to me, '' said  'Nathan Michalov', `` how young ladies can have patience to be so very accomplished as they all are. '' `` All young ladies accomplished ! My dear  'David Leibovic', what do you mean ? '' `` Yes, all of them, I think. They all paint tables, cover screens, and net purses. I scarcely know anyone who can not do all this, and I am sure I never heard a young lady spoken of for the first time, without being informed that she was very accomplished. '' `` Your list of the common extent of accomplishments, '' said  'Nava Balsam', `` has too much truth. The word is applied to many a woman who deserves it no otherwise than by netting a purse or covering a screen. But I am very far from agreeing with you in your estimation of ladies in general. I can not boast of knowing more than half-a-dozen, in the whole range of my acquaintance, that are really accomplished. '' ``  'Yin Liu' I, I am sure, '' said  'Greg Hendershott'. `` Then, '' observed  'Daniel Schobel', `` you must comprehend a great deal in your idea of an accomplished woman. '' `` Yes, I do comprehend a great deal in it. '' `` Oh ! certainly, '' cried his faithful assistant, `` no one can be really esteemed accomplished who does not greatly surpass what is usually met with. A woman must have a thorough knowledge of music, singing, drawing, dancing, and the modern languages, to deserve the word; and besides all this, she must possess a certain something in her air and manner of walking, the tone of her voice, her address and expressions, or the word will be but half-deserved. '' `` All this she must possess, '' added  'Nava Balsam', `` and to all this she must yet add something more substantial, in the improvement of her mind by extensive reading. '' `` I am no longer surprised at your knowing _only_ six accomplished women. I rather wonder now at your knowing _any_. '' `` Are you so severe upon your own sex as to doubt the possibility of all this ? '' `` I never saw such a woman. I never saw such capacity, and taste, and application, and elegance, as you describe united. '' Mrs.  'Jennifer Clark' and  'Greg Hendershott' both cried out against the injustice of her implied doubt, and were both protesting that they knew many women who answered this description, when  'Lauren Sperber' called them to order, with bitter complaints of their inattention to what was going forward. As all conversation was thereby at an end,  'Daniel Schobel' soon afterwards left the room. ``  'Lindsey Kuper', '' said  'Greg Hendershott', when the door was closed on her, '' is one of those young ladies who seek to recommend themselves to the other sex by undervaluing their own; and with many men, I dare say, it succeeds. But, in my opinion, it is a paltry device, a very mean art. '' `` Undoubtedly, '' replied  'Nava Balsam', to whom this remark was chiefly addressed, '' there is a meanness in _all_ the arts which ladies sometimes condescend to employ for captivation. Whatever bears affinity to cunning is despicable. ''  'Greg Hendershott' was not so entirely satisfied with this reply as to continue the subject.  'Daniel Schobel' joined them again only to say that her sister was worse, and that she could not leave her.  'Nathan Michalov' urged  'Jacob Schonberg' being sent for immediately; while his sisters, convinced that no country advice could be of any service, recommended an express to town for one of the most eminent physicians. This she would not hear of; but she was not so unwilling to comply with their brother 's proposal; and it was settled that  'Jacob Schonberg' should be sent for early in the morning, if  'Jorge Izquierdo' were not decidedly better.  'Nathan Michalov' was quite uncomfortable; his sisters declared that they were miserable. They solaced their wretchedness, however, by duets after supper, while he could find no better relief to his feelings than by giving his housekeeper directions that every attention might be paid to the sick lady and her sister. Chapter 9  'Daniel Schobel' passed the chief of the night in her sister 's room, and in the morning had the pleasure of being able to send a tolerable answer to the inquiries which she very early received from  'Simon Weber' by a housemaid, and some time afterwards from the two elegant ladies who waited on his sisters. In spite of this amendment, however, she requested to have a note sent to  'Alyssa Carter', desiring her mother to visit  'Jimmy Li', and form her own judgement of her situation. The note was immediately dispatched, and its contents as quickly complied with. Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque', accompanied by her two youngest girls, reached  'Kuan Butts' soon after the family breakfast. Had she found  'Jimmy Li' in any apparent danger, Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' would have been very miserable; but being satisfied on seeing her that her illness was not alarming, she had no wish of her recovering immediately, as her restoration to health would probably remove her from  'Kuan Butts'. She would not listen, therefore, to her daughter 's proposal of being carried home; neither did the apothecary, who arrived about the same time, think it at all advisable. After sitting a little while with  'Jimmy Li', on  'Greg Hendershott' 's appearance and invitation, the mother and three daughters all attended her into the breakfast parlour.  'Nathan Michalov' met them with hopes that Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' had not found  'Jorge Izquierdo' worse than she expected. `` Indeed I have, sir, '' was her answer. `` She is a great deal too ill to be moved.  'Jacob Schonberg' says we must not think of moving her. We must trespass a little longer on your kindness. '' `` Removed ! '' cried  'Nathan Michalov'. `` It must not be thought of. My sister, I am sure, will not hear of her removal. '' `` You may depend upon it,  'Julie Lavoie', '' said  'Greg Hendershott', with cold civility, '' that  'Jorge Izquierdo' will receive every possible attention while she remains with us. '' Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' was profuse in her acknowledgments. `` I am sure, '' she added, `` if it was not for such good friends I do not know what would become of her, for she is very ill indeed, and suffers a vast deal, though with the greatest patience in the world, which is always the way with her, for she has, without exception, the sweetest temper I have ever met with. I often tell my other girls they are nothing to _her_. You have a sweet room here,  'Simon Weber', and a charming prospect over the gravel walk. I do not know a place in the country that is equal to  'Kuan Butts'. You will not think of quitting it in a hurry, I hope, though you have but a short lease. '' `` Whatever I do is done in a hurry, '' replied he; `` and therefore if I should resolve to quit  'Kuan Butts', I should probably be off in five minutes. At present, however, I consider myself as quite fixed here. '' `` That is exactly what I should have supposed of you, '' said  'Daniel Schobel'. `` You begin to comprehend me, do you ? '' cried he, turning towards her. `` Oh ! yes -- I understand you perfectly. '' `` I wish I might take this for a compliment; but to be so easily seen through I am afraid is pitiful. '' `` That is as it happens. It does not follow that a deep, intricate character is more or less estimable than such a one as yours. '' ``  'Sharell Bryant', '' cried her mother, `` remember where you are, and do not run on in the wild manner that you are suffered to do at home. '' `` I did not know before, '' continued  'Nathan Michalov' immediately, `` that you were a studier of character. It must be an amusing study. '' `` Yes, but intricate characters are the _most_ amusing. They have at least that advantage. '' `` The country, '' said  'Nava Balsam', `` can in general supply but a few subjects for such a study. In a country neighbourhood you move in a very confined and unvarying society. '' `` But people themselves alter so much, that there is something new to be observed in them for ever. '' `` Yes, indeed, '' cried Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque', offended by his manner of mentioning a country neighbourhood. `` I assure you there is quite as much of _that_ going on in the country as in town. ''  'Samer Masterson' was surprised, and  'Nava Balsam', after looking at her for a moment, turned silently away. Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque', who fancied she had gained a complete victory over him, continued her triumph. `` I can not see that London has any great advantage over the country, for my part, except the shops and public places. The country is a vast deal pleasanter, is it not, Mr.  'Nathan Michalov' ? '' `` When I am in the country, '' he replied, `` I never wish to leave it; and when I am in town it is pretty much the same. They have each their advantages, and I can be equally happy in either. '' `` Aye -- that is because you have the right disposition. But that gentleman, '' looking at  'Nava Balsam', `` seemed to think the country was nothing at all. '' `` Indeed,  'Geoff Shannon', you are mistaken, '' said  'Daniel Schobel', blushing for her mother. `` You quite mistook  'Kenya Stewart'. He only meant that there was not such a variety of people to be met with in the country as in the town, which you must acknowledge to be true. '' `` Certainly, my dear, nobody said there were; but as to not meeting with many people in this neighbourhood, I believe there are few neighbourhoods larger. I know we dine with four-and-twenty families. '' Nothing but concern for  'Daniel Schobel' could enable  'Nathan Michalov' to keep his countenance. His sister was less delicate, and directed her eyes towards  'Kenya Stewart' with a very expressive smile.  'Daniel Schobel', for the sake of saying something that might turn her mother 's thoughts, now asked her if  'Brandon Rhodes' had been at  'Alyssa Carter' since _her_ coming away. `` Yes, she called yesterday with her father. What an agreeable man  'Sebastian Bauersfeld' is,  'Simon Weber', is not he ? So much the man of fashion ! So genteel and easy ! He has always something to say to everybody.  'Eric Romano' is my idea of good breeding; and those persons who fancy themselves very important, and never open their mouths, quite mistake the matter. '' `` Did  'Alex Alekseyev' dine with you ? '' `` No, she would go home. I fancy she was wanted about the mince-pies. For my part,  'Simon Weber', I always keep servants that can do their own work; _my_ daughters are brought up very differently. But everybody is to judge for themselves, and the Lucases are a very good sort of girls, I assure you. It is a pity they are not handsome ! Not that I think  'Alex Alekseyev' so _very_ plain -- but then she is our particular friend. '' `` She seems a very pleasant young woman. '' `` Oh ! dear, yes; but you must own she is very plain.  'Romy Hong' herself has often said so, and envied me  'Jimmy Li' 's beauty. I do not like to boast of my own child, but to be sure,  'Jimmy Li' -- one does not often see anybody better looking. It is what everybody says. I do not trust my own partiality. When she was only fifteen, there was a man at my brother  'Cody Duval' 's in town so much in love with her that my sister-in-law was sure he would make her an offer before we came away. But, however, he did not. Perhaps he thought her too young. However, he wrote some verses on her, and very pretty they were. '' `` And so ended his affection, '' said  'Daniel Schobel' impatiently. `` There has been many a one, I fancy, overcome in the same way. I wonder who first discovered the efficacy of poetry in driving away love ! '' `` I have been used to consider poetry as the _food_ of love, '' said  'Nava Balsam'. `` Of a fine, stout, healthy love it may. Everything nourishes what is strong already. But if it be only a slight, thin sort of inclination, I am convinced that one good sonnet will starve it entirely away. ''  'Nava Balsam' only smiled; and the general pause which ensued made  'Daniel Schobel' tremble lest her mother should be exposing herself again. She longed to speak, but could think of nothing to say; and after a short silence Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' began repeating her thanks to  'Simon Weber' for his kindness to  'Jimmy Li', with an apology for troubling him also with  'Sharell Bryant'.  'Simon Weber' was unaffectedly civil in his answer, and forced his younger sister to be civil also, and say what the occasion required. She performed her part indeed without much graciousness, but Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' was satisfied, and soon afterwards ordered her carriage.  'John Loeber' this signal, the youngest of her daughters put herself forward. The two girls had been whispering to each other during the whole visit, and the result of it was, that the youngest should tax  'Simon Weber' with having promised on his first coming into the country to give a ball at  'Kuan Butts'.  'Willson Mock' was a stout, well-grown girl of fifteen, with a fine complexion and good-humoured countenance; a favourite with her mother, whose affection had brought her into public at an early age. She had high animal spirits, and a sort of natural self-consequence, which the attention of the officers, to whom her uncle 's good dinners, and her own easy manners recommended her, had increased into assurance. She was very equal, therefore, to address  'Simon Weber' on the subject of the ball, and abruptly reminded him of his promise; adding, that it would be the most shameful thing in the world if he did not keep it. His answer to this sudden attack was delightful to their mother 's ear : '' I am perfectly ready, I assure you, to keep my engagement; and when your sister is recovered, you shall, if you please, name the very day of the ball. But you would not wish to be dancing when she is ill. ''  'Willson Mock' declared herself satisfied. `` Oh ! yes -- it would be much better to wait till  'Jimmy Li' was well, and by that time most likely Captain Carter would be at  'Darius Bacon' again. And when you have given _your_ ball, '' she added, `` I shall insist on their giving one also. I shall tell Colonel Forster it will be quite a shame if he does not. '' Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' and her daughters then departed, and  'Daniel Schobel' returned instantly to  'Jimmy Li', leaving her own and her relations ' behaviour to the remarks of the two ladies and  'Kenya Stewart'; the latter of whom, however, could not be prevailed on to join in their censure of _her_, in spite of all  'Austin Guest'  'Nathan Michalov' 's witticisms on _fine eyes_. Chapter 10 The day passed much as the day before had done. Mrs.  'Jennifer Clark' and  'Greg Hendershott' had spent some hours of the morning with the invalid, who continued, though slowly, to mend; and in the evening  'Daniel Schobel' joined their party in the drawing-room. The loo-table, however, did not appear.  'Kenya Stewart' was writing, and  'Greg Hendershott', seated near him, was watching the progress of his letter and repeatedly calling off his attention by messages to his sister.  'Lauren Sperber' and  'Simon Weber' were at piquet, and Mrs.  'Jennifer Clark' was observing their game.  'Daniel Schobel' took up some needlework, and was sufficiently amused in attending to what passed between  'Nava Balsam' and his companion. The perpetual commendations of the lady, either on his handwriting, or on the evenness of his lines, or on the length of his letter, with the perfect unconcern with which her praises were received, formed a curious dialogue, and was exactly in union with her opinion of each. `` How delighted  'Thomas Lahr' will be to receive such a letter ! '' He made no answer. `` You write uncommonly fast. '' `` You are mistaken. I write rather slowly. '' `` How many letters you must have occasion to write in the course of a year ! Letters of business, too ! How odious I should think them ! '' `` It is fortunate, then, that they fall to my lot instead of yours. '' ``  'Bill Ramsey' tell your sister that I long to see her. '' `` I have already told her so once, by your desire. '' `` I am afraid you do not like your pen.  'Nina Zakarenko' me mend it for you. I mend pens remarkably well. '' `` Thank you -- but I always mend my own. '' `` How can you contrive to write so even ? '' He was silent. `` Tell your sister I am delighted to hear of her improvement on the harp; and pray let her know that I am quite in raptures with her beautiful little design for a table, and I think it infinitely superior to  'Sophia Davis' 's. '' `` Will you give me leave to defer your raptures till I write again ? At present I have not room to do them justice. '' `` Oh ! it is of no consequence. I shall see her in January. But do you always write such charming long letters to her, Mr.  'Nava Balsam' ? '' `` They are generally long; but whether always charming it is not for me to determine. '' `` It is a rule with me, that a person who can write a long letter with ease, can not write ill. '' '' That will not do for a compliment to  'Nava Balsam',  'James A. Keene', '' cried her brother, `` because he does _not_ write with ease. He studies too much for words of four syllables. Do not you,  'Nava Balsam' ? '' `` My style of writing is very different from yours. '' `` Oh ! '' cried  'Greg Hendershott', ``  'David Leibovic' writes in the most careless way imaginable. He leaves out half his words, and blots the rest. '' `` My ideas flow so rapidly that I have not time to express them -- by which means my letters sometimes convey no ideas at all to my correspondents. '' `` Your humility,  'Simon Weber', '' said  'Daniel Schobel', `` must disarm reproof. '' `` Nothing is more deceitful, '' said  'Nava Balsam', `` than the appearance of humility. It is often only carelessness of opinion, and sometimes an indirect boast. '' `` And which of the two do you call _my_ little recent piece of modesty ? '' `` The indirect boast; for you are really proud of your defects in writing, because you consider them as proceeding from a rapidity of thought and carelessness of execution, which, if not estimable, you think at least highly interesting. The power of doing anything with quickness is always prized much by the possessor, and often without any attention to the imperfection of the performance. When you told Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' this morning that if you ever resolved upon quitting  'Kuan Butts' you should be gone in five minutes, you meant it to be a sort of panegyric, of compliment to yourself -- and yet what is there so very laudable in a precipitance which must leave very necessary business undone, and can be of no real advantage to yourself or anyone else ? '' ``  'Will Byrd', '' cried  'Nathan Michalov', `` this is too much, to remember at night all the foolish things that were said in the morning. And yet, upon my honour, I believe what I said of myself to be true, and I believe it at this moment. At least, therefore, I did not assume the character of needless precipitance merely to show off before the ladies. '' `` I dare say you believed it; but I am by no means convinced that you would be gone with such celerity. Your conduct would be quite as dependent on chance as that of any man I know; and if, as you were mounting your horse, a friend were to say, 'Bingley, you had better stay till next week, ' you would probably do it, you would probably not go -- and at another word, might stay a month. '' `` You have only proved by this, '' cried  'Daniel Schobel', `` that  'Simon Weber' did not do justice to his own disposition. You have shown him off now much more than he did himself. '' `` I am exceedingly gratified, '' said  'Nathan Michalov', `` by your converting what my friend says into a compliment on the sweetness of my temper. But I am afraid you are giving it a turn which that gentleman did by no means intend; for he would certainly think better of me, if under such a circumstance I were to give a flat denial, and ride off as fast as I could. '' `` Would  'Kenya Stewart' then consider the rashness of your original intentions as atoned for by your obstinacy in adhering to it ? '' ``  'John Loeber' my word, I can not exactly explain the matter;  'Nava Balsam' must speak for himself. '' `` You expect me to account for opinions which you choose to call mine, but which I have never acknowledged. Allowing the case, however, to stand according to your representation, you must remember,  'Jorge Izquierdo', that the friend who is supposed to desire his return to the house, and the delay of his plan, has merely desired it, asked it without offering one argument in favour of its propriety. '' `` To yield readily -- easily -- to the _persuasion_ of a friend is no merit with you. '' `` To yield without conviction is no compliment to the understanding of either. '' `` You appear to me,  'Kenya Stewart', to allow nothing for the influence of friendship and affection. A regard for the requester would often make one readily yield to a request, without waiting for arguments to reason one into it. I am not particularly speaking of such a case as you have supposed about  'Simon Weber'. We may as well wait, perhaps, till the circumstance occurs before we discuss the discretion of his behaviour thereupon. But in general and ordinary cases between friend and friend, where one of them is desired by the other to change a resolution of no very great moment, should you think ill of that person for complying with the desire, without waiting to be argued into it ? '' `` Will it not be advisable, before we proceed on this subject, to arrange with rather more precision the degree of importance which is to appertain to this request, as well as the degree of intimacy subsisting between the parties ? '' `` By all means, '' cried  'Nathan Michalov'; `` let us hear all the particulars, not forgetting their comparative height and size; for that will have more weight in the argument,  'Jorge Izquierdo', than you may be aware of. I assure you, that if  'Nava Balsam' were not such a great tall fellow, in comparison with myself, I should not pay him half so much deference. I declare I do not know a more awful object than  'Nava Balsam', on particular occasions, and in particular places; at his own house especially, and of a Sunday evening, when he has nothing to do. ''  'Kenya Stewart' smiled; but  'Daniel Schobel' thought she could perceive that he was rather offended, and therefore checked her laugh.  'Greg Hendershott' warmly resented the indignity he had received, in an expostulation with her brother for talking such nonsense. `` I see your design,  'Nathan Michalov', '' said his friend. `` You dislike an argument, and want to silence this. '' `` Perhaps I do. Arguments are too much like disputes. If you and  'Jorge Izquierdo' will defer yours till I am out of the room, I shall be very thankful; and then you may say whatever you like of me. '' `` What you ask, '' said  'Daniel Schobel', `` is no sacrifice on my side; and  'Kenya Stewart' had much better finish his letter. ''  'Kenya Stewart' took her advice, and did finish his letter. When that business was over, he applied to  'Greg Hendershott' and  'Daniel Schobel' for an indulgence of some music.  'Greg Hendershott' moved with some alacrity to the pianoforte; and, after a polite request that  'Daniel Schobel' would lead the way which the other as politely and more earnestly negatived, she seated herself. Mrs.  'Jennifer Clark' sang with her sister, and while they were thus employed,  'Daniel Schobel' could not help observing, as she turned over some music-books that lay on the instrument, how frequently  'Kenya Stewart' 's eyes were fixed on her. She hardly knew how to suppose that she could be an object of admiration to so great a man; and yet that he should look at her because he disliked her, was still more strange. She could only imagine, however, at last that she drew his notice because there was something more wrong and reprehensible, according to his ideas of right, than in any other person present. The supposition did not pain her. She liked him too little to care for his approbation. After playing some Italian songs,  'Greg Hendershott' varied the charm by a lively  'David Peter' air; and soon afterwards  'Kenya Stewart', drawing near  'Daniel Schobel', said to her : '' Do not you feel a great inclination,  'Jorge Izquierdo', to seize such an opportunity of dancing a reel ? '' She smiled, but made no answer. He repeated the question, with some surprise at her silence. `` Oh ! '' said she, `` I heard you before, but I could not immediately determine what to say in reply. You wanted me, I know, to say 'Yes, ' that you might have the pleasure of despising my taste; but I always delight in overthrowing those kind of schemes, and cheating a person of their premeditated contempt. I have, therefore, made up my mind to tell you, that I do not want to dance a reel at all -- and now despise me if you dare. '' `` Indeed I do not dare. ''  'Daniel Schobel', having rather expected to affront him, was amazed at his gallantry; but there was a mixture of sweetness and archness in her manner which made it difficult for her to affront anybody; and  'Nava Balsam' had never been so bewitched by any woman as he was by her. He really believed, that were it not for the inferiority of her connections, he should be in some danger.  'Greg Hendershott' saw, or suspected enough to be jealous; and her great anxiety for the recovery of her dear friend  'Jimmy Li' received some assistance from her desire of getting rid of  'Daniel Schobel'. She often tried to provoke  'Nava Balsam' into disliking her guest, by talking of their supposed marriage, and planning his happiness in such an alliance. `` I hope, '' said she, as they were walking together in the shrubbery the next day, `` you will give your mother-in-law a few hints, when this desirable event takes place, as to the advantage of holding her tongue; and if you can compass it, do cure the younger girls of running after officers. And, if I may mention so delicate a subject, endeavour to check that little something, bordering on conceit and impertinence, which your lady possesses. '' `` Have you anything else to propose for my domestic felicity ? '' `` Oh ! yes. Do let the portraits of your uncle and aunt  'Sarah Kuehnle' be placed in the gallery at  'Ceri Stagg'. Put them next to your great-uncle the judge. They are in the same profession, you know, only in different lines. As for your  'Daniel Schobel' 's picture, you must not have it taken, for what painter could do justice to those beautiful eyes ? '' `` It would not be easy, indeed, to catch their expression, but their colour and shape, and the eyelashes, so remarkably fine, might be copied. '' At that moment they were met from another walk by Mrs.  'Jennifer Clark' and  'Daniel Schobel' herself. `` I did not know that you intended to walk, '' said  'Greg Hendershott', in some confusion, lest they had been overheard. `` You used us abominably ill, '' answered Mrs.  'Jennifer Clark', `` running away without telling us that you were coming out. '' Then taking the disengaged arm of  'Kenya Stewart', she left  'Daniel Schobel' to walk by herself. The path just admitted three.  'Kenya Stewart' felt their rudeness, and immediately said : '' This walk is not wide enough for our party. We had better go into the avenue. '' But  'Daniel Schobel', who had not the least inclination to remain with them, laughingly answered : '' No, no; stay where you are. You are charmingly grouped, and appear to uncommon advantage. The picturesque would be spoilt by admitting a fourth. Good-bye. '' She then ran gaily off, rejoicing as she rambled about, in the hope of being at home again in a day or two.  'Jimmy Li' was already so much recovered as to intend leaving her room for a couple of hours that evening. Chapter 11 When the ladies removed after dinner,  'Daniel Schobel' ran up to her sister, and seeing her well guarded from cold, attended her into the drawing-room, where she was welcomed by her two friends with many professions of pleasure; and  'Daniel Schobel' had never seen them so agreeable as they were during the hour which passed before the gentlemen appeared. Their powers of conversation were considerable. They could describe an entertainment with accuracy, relate an anecdote with humour, and laugh at their acquaintance with spirit. But when the gentlemen entered,  'Jimmy Li' was no longer the first object;  'Greg Hendershott' 's eyes were instantly turned toward  'Nava Balsam', and she had something to say to him before he had advanced many steps. He addressed himself to  'Jorge Izquierdo', with a polite congratulation;  'Lauren Sperber' also made her a slight bow, and said he was `` very glad; '' but diffuseness and warmth remained for  'Nathan Michalov' 's salutation. He was full of joy and attention. The first half-hour was spent in piling up the fire, lest she should suffer from the change of room; and she removed at his desire to the other side of the fireplace, that she might be further from the door. He then sat down by her, and talked scarcely to anyone else.  'Daniel Schobel', at work in the opposite corner, saw it all with great delight. When tea was over,  'Lauren Sperber' reminded his sister-in-law of the card-table -- but in vain. She had obtained private intelligence that  'Kenya Stewart' did not wish for cards; and  'Lauren Sperber' soon found even his open petition rejected. She assured him that no one intended to play, and the silence of the whole party on the subject seemed to justify her.  'Lauren Sperber' had therefore nothing to do, but to stretch himself on one of the sofas and go to sleep.  'Nava Balsam' took up a book;  'Greg Hendershott' did the same; and Mrs.  'Jennifer Clark', principally occupied in playing with her bracelets and rings, joined now and then in her brother 's conversation with  'Jorge Izquierdo'.  'Greg Hendershott' 's attention was quite as much engaged in watching  'Kenya Stewart' 's progress through _his_ book, as in reading her own; and she was perpetually either making some inquiry, or looking at his page. She could not win him, however, to any conversation; he merely answered her question, and read on. At length, quite exhausted by the attempt to be amused with her own book, which she had only chosen because it was the second volume of his, she gave a great yawn and said, `` How pleasant it is to spend an evening in this way ! I declare after all there is no enjoyment like reading ! How much sooner one tires of anything than of a book ! When I have a house of my own, I shall be miserable if I have not an excellent library. '' No one made any reply. She then yawned again, threw aside her book, and cast her eyes round the room in quest for some amusement; when hearing her brother mentioning a ball to  'Jorge Izquierdo', she turned suddenly towards him and said : '' By the bye,  'David Leibovic', are you really serious in meditating a dance at  'Kuan Butts' ? I would advise you, before you determine on it, to consult the wishes of the present party; I am much mistaken if there are not some among us to whom a ball would be rather a punishment than a pleasure. '' `` If you mean  'Nava Balsam', '' cried her brother, `` he may go to bed, if he chooses, before it begins -- but as for the ball, it is quite a settled thing; and as soon as  'Neha Batra' has made white soup enough, I shall send round my cards. '' `` I should like balls infinitely better, '' she replied, `` if they were carried on in a different manner; but there is something insufferably tedious in the usual process of such a meeting. It would surely be much more rational if conversation instead of dancing were made the order of the day. '' `` Much more rational, my dear  'James A. Keene', I dare say, but it would not be near so much like a ball. ''  'Greg Hendershott' made no answer, and soon afterwards she got up and walked about the room.  'Rebecca Langer' figure was elegant, and she walked well; but  'Nava Balsam', at whom it was all aimed, was still inflexibly studious. In the desperation of her feelings, she resolved on one effort more, and, turning to  'Daniel Schobel', said : ''  'Richard Burton', let me persuade you to follow my example, and take a turn about the room. I assure you it is very refreshing after sitting so long in one attitude. ''  'Daniel Schobel' was surprised, but agreed to it immediately.  'Greg Hendershott' succeeded no less in the real object of her civility;  'Kenya Stewart' looked up. He was as much awake to the novelty of attention in that quarter as  'Daniel Schobel' herself could be, and unconsciously closed his book. He was directly invited to join their party, but he declined it, observing that he could imagine but two motives for their choosing to walk up and down the room together, with either of which motives his joining them would interfere. `` What could he mean ? She was dying to know what could be his meaning ? '' -- and asked  'Daniel Schobel' whether she could at all understand him ? `` Not at all, '' was her answer; `` but depend upon it, he means to be severe on us, and our surest way of disappointing him will be to ask nothing about it. ''  'Greg Hendershott', however, was incapable of disappointing  'Kenya Stewart' in anything, and persevered therefore in requiring an explanation of his two motives. `` I have not the smallest objection to explaining them, '' said he, as soon as she allowed him to speak. `` You either choose this method of passing the evening because you are in each other 's confidence, and have secret affairs to discuss, or because you are conscious that your figures appear to the greatest advantage in walking; if the first, I would be completely in your way, and if the second, I can admire you much better as I sit by the fire. '' `` Oh ! shocking ! '' cried  'Greg Hendershott'. `` I never heard anything so abominable. How shall we punish him for such a speech ? '' `` Nothing so easy, if you have but the inclination, '' said  'Daniel Schobel'. `` We can all plague and punish one another.  'Lyndsey Moulds' him -- laugh at him. Intimate as you are, you must know how it is to be done. '' `` But upon my honour, I do _not_. I do assure you that my intimacy has not yet taught me _that_.  'Lyndsey Moulds' calmness of manner and presence of mind ! No, no; I feel he may defy us there. And as to laughter, we will not expose ourselves, if you please, by attempting to laugh without a subject.  'Kenya Stewart' may hug himself. '' ``  'Kenya Stewart' is not to be laughed at ! '' cried  'Daniel Schobel'. `` That is an uncommon advantage, and uncommon I hope it will continue, for it would be a great loss to _me_ to have many such acquaintances. I dearly love a laugh. '' ``  'Greg Hendershott', '' said he, `` has given me more credit than can be. The wisest and the best of men -- nay, the wisest and best of their actions -- may be rendered ridiculous by a person whose first object in life is a joke. '' `` Certainly, '' replied  'Daniel Schobel' -- '' there are such people, but I hope I am not one of _them_. I hope I never ridicule what is wise and good. Follies and nonsense, whims and inconsistencies, _do_ divert me, I own, and I laugh at them whenever I can. But these, I suppose, are precisely what you are without. '' `` Perhaps that is not possible for anyone. But it has been the study of my life to avoid those weaknesses which often expose a strong understanding to ridicule. '' ``  'Senthil Arivudainambi' as vanity and pride. '' `` Yes, vanity is a weakness indeed. But pride -- where there is a real superiority of mind, pride will be always under good regulation. ''  'Daniel Schobel' turned away to hide a smile. `` Your examination of  'Kenya Stewart' is over, I presume, '' said  'Greg Hendershott'; '' and pray what is the result ? '' `` I am perfectly convinced by it that  'Kenya Stewart' has no defect. He owns it himself without disguise. '' `` No, '' said  'Nava Balsam', `` I have made no such pretension. I have faults enough, but they are not, I hope, of understanding. My temper I dare not vouch for. It is, I believe, too little yielding -- certainly too little for the convenience of the world. I can not forget the follies and vices of others so soon as I ought, nor their offenses against myself. My feelings are not puffed about with every attempt to move them. My temper would perhaps be called resentful. My good opinion once lost, is lost forever. '' ``  'Eric Romano' is a failing indeed ! '' cried  'Daniel Schobel'. `` Implacable resentment _is_ a shade in a character. But you have chosen your fault well. I really can not _laugh_ at it. You are safe from me. '' `` There is, I believe, in every disposition a tendency to some particular evil -- a natural defect, which not even the best education can overcome. '' `` And _your_ defect is to hate everybody. '' `` And yours, '' he replied with a smile, `` is willfully to misunderstand them. '' `` Do let us have a little music, '' cried  'Greg Hendershott', tired of a conversation in which she had no share. ``  'Nicholas Chammas', you will not mind my waking Mr.  'Jennifer Clark' ? ''  'Rebecca Langer' sister had not the smallest objection, and the pianoforte was opened; and  'Nava Balsam', after a few moments ' recollection, was not sorry for it. He began to feel the danger of paying  'Daniel Schobel' too much attention. Chapter 12 In consequence of an agreement between the sisters,  'Daniel Schobel' wrote the next morning to their mother, to beg that the carriage might be sent for them in the course of the day. But Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque', who had calculated on her daughters remaining at  'Kuan Butts' till the following Tuesday, which would exactly finish  'Jimmy Li' 's week, could not bring herself to receive them with pleasure before.  'Rebecca Langer' answer, therefore, was not propitious, at least not to  'Daniel Schobel' 's wishes, for she was impatient to get home. Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' sent them word that they could not possibly have the carriage before Tuesday; and in her postscript it was added, that if  'Simon Weber' and his sister pressed them to stay longer, she could spare them very well. Against staying longer, however,  'Daniel Schobel' was positively resolved -- nor did she much expect it would be asked; and fearful, on the contrary, as being considered as intruding themselves needlessly long, she urged  'Jimmy Li' to borrow  'Simon Weber' 's carriage immediately, and at length it was settled that their original design of leaving  'Kuan Butts' that morning should be mentioned, and the request made. The communication excited many professions of concern; and enough was said of wishing them to stay at least till the following day to work on  'Jimmy Li'; and till the morrow their going was deferred.  'Greg Hendershott' was then sorry that she had proposed the delay, for her jealousy and dislike of one sister much exceeded her affection for the other. The master of the house heard with real sorrow that they were to go so soon, and repeatedly tried to persuade  'Jorge Izquierdo' that it would not be safe for her -- that she was not enough recovered; but  'Jimmy Li' was firm where she felt herself to be right. To  'Kenya Stewart' it was welcome intelligence --  'Daniel Schobel' had been at  'Kuan Butts' long enough. She attracted him more than he liked -- and  'Greg Hendershott' was uncivil to _her_, and more teasing than usual to himself. He wisely resolved to be particularly careful that no sign of admiration should _now_ escape him, nothing that could elevate her with the hope of influencing his felicity; sensible that if such an idea had been suggested, his behaviour during the last day must have material weight in confirming or crushing it.  'Ray Sohn' to his purpose, he scarcely spoke ten words to her through the whole of Saturday, and though they were at one time left by themselves for half-an-hour, he adhered most conscientiously to his book, and would not even look at her. On Sunday, after morning service, the separation, so agreeable to almost all, took place.  'Greg Hendershott' 's civility to  'Daniel Schobel' increased at last very rapidly, as well as her affection for  'Jimmy Li'; and when they parted, after assuring the latter of the pleasure it would always give her to see her either at  'Alyssa Carter' or  'Kuan Butts', and embracing her most tenderly, she even shook hands with the former.  'Daniel Schobel' took leave of the whole party in the liveliest of spirits. They were not welcomed home very cordially by their mother. Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' wondered at their coming, and thought them very wrong to give so much trouble, and was sure  'Jimmy Li' would have caught cold again. But their father, though very laconic in his expressions of pleasure, was really glad to see them; he had felt their importance in the family circle. The evening conversation, when they were all assembled, had lost much of its animation, and almost all its sense by the absence of  'Jimmy Li' and  'Daniel Schobel'. They found  'Andrea Fey', as usual, deep in the study of thorough-bass and human nature; and had some extracts to admire, and some new observations of threadbare morality to listen to.  'Michael Ford' and  'Willson Mock' had information for them of a different sort. Much had been done and much had been said in the regiment since the preceding Wednesday; several of the officers had dined lately with their uncle, a private had been flogged, and it had actually been hinted that  'Michael Robert Arntzenius' was going to be married. Chapter 13 '' I hope, my dear, '' said  'Alex Skryl' to his wife, as they were at breakfast the next morning, `` that you have ordered a good dinner to-day, because I have reason to expect an addition to our family party. '' `` Who do you mean, my dear ? I know of nobody that is coming, I am sure, unless  'Brandon Rhodes' should happen to call in -- and I hope _my_ dinners are good enough for her. I do not believe she often sees such at home. '' `` The person of whom I speak is a gentleman, and a stranger. '' Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' 's eyes sparkled. `` A gentleman and a stranger ! It is  'Simon Weber', I am sure ! Well, I am sure I shall be extremely glad to see  'Simon Weber'. But -- good Lord ! how unlucky ! There is not a bit of fish to be got to-day.  'Willson Mock', my love, ring the bell -- I must speak to  'Travis Thieman' this moment. '' `` It is _not_  'Simon Weber', '' said her husband; `` it is a person whom I never saw in the whole course of my life. '' This roused a general astonishment; and he had the pleasure of being eagerly questioned by his wife and his five daughters at once. After amusing himself some time with their curiosity, he thus explained : '' About a month ago I received this letter; and about a fortnight ago I answered it, for I thought it a case of some delicacy, and requiring early attention. It is from my cousin,  'Crista Lopes', who, when I am dead, may turn you all out of this house as soon as he pleases. '' `` Oh ! my dear, '' cried his wife, `` I can not bear to hear that mentioned.  'Bill Ramsey' do not talk of that odious man. I do think it is the hardest thing in the world, that your estate should be entailed away from your own children; and I am sure, if I had been you, I should have tried long ago to do something or other about it. ''  'Jimmy Li' and  'Daniel Schobel' tried to explain to her the nature of an entail. They had often attempted to do it before, but it was a subject on which Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' was beyond the reach of reason, and she continued to rail bitterly against the cruelty of settling an estate away from a family of five daughters, in favour of a man whom nobody cared anything about. `` It certainly is a most iniquitous affair, '' said  'Alex Skryl', `` and nothing can clear  'Crista Lopes' from the guilt of inheriting  'Alyssa Carter'. But if you will listen to his letter, you may perhaps be a little softened by his manner of expressing himself. '' `` No, that I am sure I shall not; and I think it is very impertinent of him to write to you at all, and very hypocritical. I hate such false friends. Why could he not keep on quarreling with you, as his father did before him ? '' `` Why, indeed; he does seem to have had some filial scruples on that head, as you will hear. '' `` Hunsford, near Westerham,  'Alan Wang', 15th October. `` Dear Sir, -- '' The disagreement subsisting between yourself and my late honoured father always gave me much uneasiness, and since I have had the misfortune to lose him, I have frequently wished to heal the breach; but for some time I was kept back by my own doubts, fearing lest it might seem disrespectful to his memory for me to be on good terms with anyone with whom it had always pleased him to be at variance. -- 'There, Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque'. ' -- My mind, however, is now made up on the subject, for having received ordination at Easter, I have been so fortunate as to be distinguished by the patronage of the Right Honourable Lady Catherine de  'Timnit Gebru', widow of  'Russell Smith' de  'Timnit Gebru', whose bounty and beneficence has preferred me to the valuable rectory of this parish, where it shall be my earnest endeavour to demean myself with grateful respect towards her ladyship, and be ever ready to perform those rites and ceremonies which are instituted by the Church of England. As a clergyman, moreover, I feel it my duty to promote and establish the blessing of peace in all families within the reach of my influence; and on these grounds I flatter myself that my present overtures are highly commendable, and that the circumstance of my being next in the entail of  'Alyssa Carter' estate will be kindly overlooked on your side, and not lead you to reject the offered olive-branch. I can not be otherwise than concerned at being the means of injuring your amiable daughters, and beg leave to apologise for it, as well as to assure you of my readiness to make them every possible amends -- but of this hereafter. If you should have no objection to receive me into your house, I propose myself the satisfaction of waiting on you and your family, Monday, November 18th, by four o'clock, and shall probably trespass on your hospitality till the Saturday se'ennight following, which I can do without any inconvenience, as  'Bhushan Lodha' is far from objecting to my occasional absence on a Sunday, provided that some other clergyman is engaged to do the duty of the day. -- I remain, dear sir, with respectful compliments to your lady and daughters, your well-wisher and friend, '' WILLIAM COLLINS '' '' At four o'clock, therefore, we may expect this peace-making gentleman, '' said  'Alex Skryl', as he folded up the letter. `` He seems to be a most conscientious and polite young man, upon my word, and I doubt not will prove a valuable acquaintance, especially if  'Bhushan Lodha' should be so indulgent as to let him come to us again. '' `` There is some sense in what he says about the girls, however, and if he is disposed to make them any amends, I shall not be the person to discourage him. '' `` Though it is difficult, '' said  'Jimmy Li', `` to guess in what way he can mean to make us the atonement he thinks our due, the wish is certainly to his credit. ''  'Daniel Schobel' was chiefly struck by his extraordinary deference for  'Bhushan Lodha', and his kind intention of christening, marrying, and burying his parishioners whenever it were required. `` He must be an oddity, I think, '' said she. `` I can not make him out. -- There is something very pompous in his style. -- And what can he mean by apologising for being next in the entail ? -- We can not suppose he would help it if he could. -- Could he be a sensible man, sir ? '' `` No, my dear, I think not. I have great hopes of finding him quite the reverse. There is a mixture of servility and self-importance in his letter, which promises well. I am impatient to see him. '' `` In point of composition, '' said  'Andrea Fey', `` the letter does not seem defective. The idea of the olive-branch perhaps is not wholly new, yet I think it is well expressed. '' To  'Michael Ford' and  'Willson Mock', neither the letter nor its writer were in any degree interesting. It was next to impossible that their cousin should come in a scarlet coat, and it was now some weeks since they had received pleasure from the society of a man in any other colour. As for their mother,  'Crista Lopes' 's letter had done away much of her ill-will, and she was preparing to see him with a degree of composure which astonished her husband and daughters.  'Crista Lopes' was punctual to his time, and was received with great politeness by the whole family.  'Alex Skryl' indeed said little; but the ladies were ready enough to talk, and  'Crista Lopes' seemed neither in need of encouragement, nor inclined to be silent himself. He was a tall, heavy-looking young man of five-and-twenty. His air was grave and stately, and his manners were very formal. He had not been long seated before he complimented Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' on having so fine a family of daughters; said he had heard much of their beauty, but that in this instance fame had fallen short of the truth; and added, that he did not doubt her seeing them all in due time disposed of in marriage. This gallantry was not much to the taste of some of his hearers; but Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque', who quarreled with no compliments, answered most readily. `` You are very kind, I am sure; and I wish with all my heart it may prove so, for else they will be destitute enough. Things are settled so oddly. '' `` You allude, perhaps, to the entail of this estate. '' `` Ah ! sir, I do indeed. It is a grievous affair to my poor girls, you must confess. Not that I mean to find fault with _you_, for such things I know are all chance in this world. There is no knowing how estates will go when once they come to be entailed. '' `` I am very sensible, madam, of the hardship to my fair cousins, and could say much on the subject, but that I am cautious of appearing forward and precipitate. But I can assure the young ladies that I come prepared to admire them. At present I will not say more; but, perhaps, when we are better acquainted -- '' He was interrupted by a summons to dinner; and the girls smiled on each other. They were not the only objects of  'Crista Lopes' 's admiration. The hall, the dining-room, and all its furniture, were examined and praised; and his commendation of everything would have touched Mrs. Bennet's heart, but for the mortifying supposition of his viewing it all as his own future property. The dinner too in its turn was highly admired; and he begged to know to which of his fair cousins the excellency of its cooking was owing. But he was set right there by Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque', who assured him with some asperity that they were very well able to keep a good cook, and that her daughters had nothing to do in the kitchen. He begged pardon for having displeased her. In a softened tone she declared herself not at all offended; but he continued to apologise for about a quarter of an hour. Chapter 14 During dinner,  'Alex Skryl' scarcely spoke at all; but when the servants were withdrawn, he thought it time to have some conversation with his guest, and therefore started a subject in which he expected him to shine, by observing that he seemed very fortunate in his patroness.  'Bhushan Lodha' de  'Timnit Gebru' 's attention to his wishes, and consideration for his comfort, appeared very remarkable.  'Alex Skryl' could not have chosen better.  'Crista Lopes' was eloquent in her praise. The subject elevated him to more than usual solemnity of manner, and with a most important aspect he protested that `` he had never in his life witnessed such behaviour in a person of rank -- such affability and condescension, as he had himself experienced from  'Bhushan Lodha'. She had been graciously pleased to approve of both of the discourses which he had already had the honour of preaching before her. She had also asked him twice to dine at  'Margo Kulkarni', and had sent for him only the Saturday before, to make up her pool of quadrille in the evening.  'Bhushan Lodha' was reckoned proud by many people he knew, but _he_ had never seen anything but affability in her. She had always spoken to him as she would to any other gentleman; she made not the smallest objection to his joining in the society of the neighbourhood nor to his leaving the parish occasionally for a week or two, to visit his relations. She had even condescended to advise him to marry as soon as he could, provided he chose with discretion; and had once paid him a visit in his humble parsonage, where she had perfectly approved all the alterations he had been making, and had even vouchsafed to suggest some herself -- some shelves in the closet up stairs. '' `` That is all very proper and civil, I am sure, '' said Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque', `` and I dare say she is a very agreeable woman. It is a pity that great ladies in general are not more like her. Does she live near you, sir ? '' `` The garden in which stands my humble abode is separated only by a lane from  'Carlos De la Guardia', her ladyship 's residence. '' `` I think you said she was a widow, sir ? Has she any family ? '' `` She has only one daughter, the heiress of  'Margo Kulkarni', and of very extensive property. '' `` Ah ! '' said Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque', shaking her head, `` then she is better off than many girls. And what sort of young lady is she ? Is she handsome ? '' `` She is a most charming young lady indeed.  'Bhushan Lodha' herself says that, in point of true beauty,  'Austin Guest' de  'Timnit Gebru' is far superior to the handsomest of her sex, because there is that in her features which marks the young lady of distinguished birth. She is unfortunately of a sickly constitution, which has prevented her from making that progress in many accomplishments which she could not have otherwise failed of, as I am informed by the lady who superintended her education, and who still resides with them. But she is perfectly amiable, and often condescends to drive by my humble abode in her little phaeton and ponies. '' `` Has she been presented ? I do not remember her name among the ladies at court. '' ``  'Rebecca Langer' indifferent state of health unhappily prevents her being in town; and by that means, as I told  'Bhushan Lodha' one day, has deprived the British court of its brightest ornament.  'Rebecca Langer' ladyship seemed pleased with the idea; and you may imagine that I am happy on every occasion to offer those little delicate compliments which are always acceptable to ladies. I have more than once observed to  'Bhushan Lodha', that her charming daughter seemed born to be a duchess, and that the most elevated rank, instead of giving her consequence, would be adorned by her. These are the kind of little things which please her ladyship, and it is a sort of attention which I conceive myself peculiarly bound to pay. '' `` You judge very properly, '' said  'Alex Skryl', `` and it is happy for you that you possess the talent of flattering with delicacy. May I ask whether these pleasing attentions proceed from the impulse of the moment, or are the result of previous study ? '' `` They arise chiefly from what is passing at the time, and though I sometimes amuse myself with suggesting and arranging such little elegant compliments as may be adapted to ordinary occasions, I always wish to give them as unstudied an air as possible. ''  'Alex Skryl' 's expectations were fully answered. His cousin was as absurd as he had hoped, and he listened to him with the keenest enjoyment, maintaining at the same time the most resolute composure of countenance, and, except in an occasional glance at  'Daniel Schobel', requiring no partner in his pleasure. By tea-time, however, the dose had been enough, and  'Alex Skryl' was glad to take his guest into the drawing-room again, and, when tea was over, glad to invite him to read aloud to the ladies.  'Crista Lopes' readily assented, and a book was produced; but, on beholding it ( for everything announced it to be from a circulating library ), he started back, and begging pardon, protested that he never read novels.  'Alisa Palson' stared at him, and  'Willson Mock' exclaimed. Other books were produced, and after some deliberation he chose  'Alexander Condello' 's Sermons.  'Willson Mock' gaped as he opened the volume, and before he had, with very monotonous solemnity, read three pages, she interrupted him with : '' Do you know, mamma, that my uncle  'Sarah Kuehnle' talks of turning away  'Lev Berlin'; and if he does,  'Michael Robert Arntzenius' will hire him. My aunt told me so herself on Saturday. I shall walk to  'Darius Bacon' to-morrow to hear more about it, and to ask when  'Travis McDemus' comes back from town. ''  'Willson Mock' was bid by her two eldest sisters to hold her tongue; but  'Crista Lopes', much offended, laid aside his book, and said : '' I have often observed how little young ladies are interested by books of a serious stamp, though written solely for their benefit. It amazes me, I confess; for, certainly, there can be nothing so advantageous to them as instruction. But I will no longer importune my young cousin. '' Then turning to  'Alex Skryl', he offered himself as his antagonist at backgammon.  'Alex Skryl' accepted the challenge, observing that he acted very wisely in leaving the girls to their own trifling amusements. Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' and her daughters apologised most civilly for Lydia's interruption, and promised that it should not occur again, if he would resume his book; but  'Crista Lopes', after assuring them that he bore his young cousin no ill-will, and should never resent her behaviour as any affront, seated himself at another table with  'Alex Skryl', and prepared for backgammon. Chapter 15  'Crista Lopes' was not a sensible man, and the deficiency of nature had been but little assisted by education or society; the greatest part of his life having been spent under the guidance of an illiterate and miserly father; and though he belonged to one of the universities, he had merely kept the necessary terms, without forming at it any useful acquaintance. The subjection in which his father had brought him up had given him originally great humility of manner; but it was now a good deal counteracted by the self-conceit of a weak head, living in retirement, and the consequential feelings of early and unexpected prosperity. A fortunate chance had recommended him to  'Bhushan Lodha' de  'Timnit Gebru' when the living of Hunsford was vacant; and the respect which he felt for her high rank, and his veneration for her as his patroness, mingling with a very good opinion of himself, of his authority as a clergyman, and his right as a rector, made him altogether a mixture of pride and obsequiousness, self-importance and humility. Having now a good house and a very sufficient income, he intended to marry; and in seeking a reconciliation with the  'Alyssa Carter' family he had a wife in view, as he meant to choose one of the daughters, if he found them as handsome and amiable as they were represented by common report. This was his plan of amends -- of atonement -- for inheriting their father's estate; and he thought it an excellent one, full of eligibility and suitableness, and excessively generous and disinterested on his own part. His plan did not vary on seeing them.  'Jorge Izquierdo' 's lovely face confirmed his views, and established all his strictest notions of what was due to seniority; and for the first evening _she_ was his settled choice. The next morning, however, made an alteration; for in a quarter of an hour 's tete-a-tete with Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' before breakfast, a conversation beginning with his parsonage-house, and leading naturally to the avowal of his hopes, that a mistress might be found for it at  'Alyssa Carter', produced from her, amid very complaisant smiles and general encouragement, a caution against the very  'Jimmy Li' he had fixed on. `` As to her _younger_ daughters, she could not take upon her to say -- she could not positively answer -- but she did not _know_ of any prepossession; her _eldest_ daughter, she must just mention -- she felt it incumbent on her to hint, was likely to be very soon engaged. ''  'Crista Lopes' had only to change from  'Jimmy Li' to  'Daniel Schobel' -- and it was soon done -- done while Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' was stirring the fire.  'Daniel Schobel', equally next to  'Jimmy Li' in birth and beauty, succeeded her of course. Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' treasured up the hint, and trusted that she might soon have two daughters married; and the man whom she could not bear to speak of the day before was now high in her good graces.  'Willson Mock' 's intention of walking to  'Darius Bacon' was not forgotten; every sister except  'Andrea Fey' agreed to go with her; and  'Crista Lopes' was to attend them, at the request of  'Alex Skryl', who was most anxious to get rid of him, and have his library to himself; for thither  'Crista Lopes' had followed him after breakfast; and there he would continue, nominally engaged with one of the largest folios in the collection, but really talking to  'Alex Skryl', with little cessation, of his house and garden at Hunsford.  'Senthil Arivudainambi' doings discomposed  'Alex Skryl' exceedingly. In his library he had been always sure of leisure and tranquillity; and though prepared, as he told  'Daniel Schobel', to meet with folly and conceit in every other room of the house, he was used to be free from them there; his civility, therefore, was most prompt in inviting  'Crista Lopes' to join his daughters in their walk; and  'Crista Lopes', being in fact much better fitted for a walker than a reader, was extremely pleased to close his large book, and go. In pompous nothings on his side, and civil assents on that of his cousins, their time passed till they entered  'Darius Bacon'. The attention of the younger ones was then no longer to be gained by him. Their eyes were immediately wandering up in the street in quest of the officers, and nothing less than a very smart bonnet indeed, or a really new muslin in a shop window, could recall them. But the attention of every lady was soon caught by a young man, whom they had never seen before, of most gentlemanlike appearance, walking with another officer on the other side of the way. The officer was the very  'Travis McDemus' concerning whose return from London  'Willson Mock' came to inquire, and he bowed as they passed. All were struck with the stranger 's air, all wondered who he could be; and  'Alisa Palson' and  'Willson Mock', determined if possible to find out, led the way across the street, under pretense of wanting something in an opposite shop, and fortunately had just gained the pavement when the two gentlemen, turning back, had reached the same spot.  'Travis McDemus' addressed them directly, and entreated permission to introduce his friend,  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro', who had returned with him the day before from town, and he was happy to say had accepted a commission in their corps. This was exactly as it should be; for the young man wanted only regimentals to make him completely charming. His appearance was greatly in his favour; he had all the best part of beauty, a fine countenance, a good figure, and very pleasing address. The introduction was followed up on his side by a happy readiness of conversation -- a readiness at the same time perfectly correct and unassuming; and the whole party were still standing and talking together very agreeably, when the sound of horses drew their notice, and  'Nava Balsam' and  'Nathan Michalov' were seen riding down the street. On distinguishing the ladies of the group, the two gentlemen came directly towards them, and began the usual civilities.  'Nathan Michalov' was the principal spokesman, and  'Jorge Izquierdo' the principal object. He was then, he said, on his way to  'Alyssa Carter' on purpose to inquire after her.  'Kenya Stewart' corroborated it with a bow, and was beginning to determine not to fix his eyes on  'Daniel Schobel', when they were suddenly arrested by the sight of the stranger, and  'Daniel Schobel' happening to see the countenance of both as they looked at each other, was all astonishment at the effect of the meeting. Both changed colour, one looked white, the other red.  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro', after a few moments, touched his hat -- a salutation which  'Kenya Stewart' just deigned to return. What could be the meaning of it ? It was impossible to imagine; it was impossible not to long to know. In another minute,  'Simon Weber', but without seeming to have noticed what passed, took leave and rode on with his friend.  'Travis McDemus' and  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' walked with the young ladies to the door of  'Paul Wang' 's house, and then made their bows, in spite of  'Austin Guest' Lydia's pressing entreaties that they should come in, and even in spite of Mrs.  'Sarah Kuehnle' 's throwing up the parlour window and loudly seconding the invitation. Mrs.  'Sarah Kuehnle' was always glad to see her nieces; and the two eldest, from their recent absence, were particularly welcome, and she was eagerly expressing her surprise at their sudden return home, which, as their own carriage had not fetched them, she should have known nothing about, if she had not happened to see  'Jacob Schonberg' 's shop-boy in the street, who had told her that they were not to send any more draughts to  'Kuan Butts' because the Miss Bennets were come away, when her civility was claimed towards  'Crista Lopes' by  'Jimmy Li' 's introduction of him. She received him with her very best politeness, which he returned with as much more, apologising for his intrusion, without any previous acquaintance with her, which he could not help flattering himself, however, might be justified by his relationship to the young ladies who introduced him to her notice. Mrs.  'Sarah Kuehnle' was quite awed by such an excess of good breeding; but her contemplation of one stranger was soon put to an end by exclamations and inquiries about the other; of whom, however, she could only tell her nieces what they already knew, that  'Travis McDemus' had brought him from London, and that he was to have a lieutenant 's commission in the -- -- shire. She had been watching him the last hour, she said, as he walked up and down the street, and had  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' appeared,  'Alisa Palson' and  'Willson Mock' would certainly have continued the occupation, but unluckily no one passed windows now except a few of the officers, who, in comparison with the stranger, were become `` stupid, disagreeable fellows. '' Some of them were to dine with the Phillipses the next day, and their aunt promised to make her husband call on  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro', and give him an invitation also, if the family from  'Alyssa Carter' would come in the evening. This was agreed to, and Mrs.  'Sarah Kuehnle' protested that they would have a nice comfortable noisy game of lottery tickets, and a little bit of hot supper afterwards. The prospect of such delights was very cheering, and they parted in mutual good spirits.  'Crista Lopes' repeated his apologies in quitting the room, and was assured with unwearying civility that they were perfectly needless. As they walked home,  'Daniel Schobel' related to  'Jimmy Li' what she had seen pass between the two gentlemen; but though  'Jimmy Li' would have defended either or both, had they appeared to be in the wrong, she could no more explain such behaviour than her sister.  'Crista Lopes' on his return highly gratified Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' by admiring Mrs.  'Sarah Kuehnle' 's manners and politeness. He protested that, except  'Bhushan Lodha' and her daughter, he had never seen a more elegant woman; for she had not only received him with the utmost civility, but even pointedly included him in her invitation for the next evening, although utterly unknown to her before. Something, he supposed, might be attributed to his connection with them, but yet he had never met with so much attention in the whole course of his life. Chapter 16 As no objection was made to the young people 's engagement with their aunt, and all  'Crista Lopes' 's scruples of leaving  'Amandine Lee' and Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' for a single evening during his visit were most steadily resisted, the coach conveyed him and his five cousins at a suitable hour to  'Darius Bacon'; and the girls had the pleasure of hearing, as they entered the drawing-room, that  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' had accepted their uncle 's invitation, and was then in the house. When this information was given, and they had all taken their seats,  'Crista Lopes' was at leisure to look around him and admire, and he was so much struck with the size and furniture of the apartment, that he declared he might almost have supposed himself in the small summer breakfast parlour at  'Margo Kulkarni'; a comparison that did not at first convey much gratification; but when Mrs.  'Sarah Kuehnle' understood from him what  'Margo Kulkarni' was, and who was its proprietor -- when she had listened to the description of only one of  'Bhushan Lodha' 's drawing-rooms, and found that the chimney-piece alone had cost eight hundred pounds, she felt all the force of the compliment, and would hardly have resented a comparison with the housekeeper 's room. In describing to her all the grandeur of  'Bhushan Lodha' and her mansion, with occasional digressions in praise of his own humble abode, and the improvements it was receiving, he was happily employed until the gentlemen joined them; and he found in Mrs.  'Sarah Kuehnle' a very attentive listener, whose opinion of his consequence increased with what she heard, and who was resolving to retail it all among her neighbours as soon as she could. To the girls, who could not listen to their cousin, and who had nothing to do but to wish for an instrument, and examine their own indifferent imitations of china on the mantelpiece, the interval of waiting appeared very long. It was over at last, however. The gentlemen did approach, and when  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' walked into the room,  'Daniel Schobel' felt that she had neither been seeing him before, nor thinking of him since, with the smallest degree of unreasonable admiration. The officers of the -- -- shire were in general a very creditable, gentlemanlike set, and the best of them were of the present party; but  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' was as far beyond them all in person, countenance, air, and walk, as _they_ were superior to the broad-faced, stuffy uncle  'Sarah Kuehnle', breathing port wine, who followed them into the room.  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' was the happy man towards whom almost every female eye was turned, and  'Daniel Schobel' was the happy woman by whom he finally seated himself; and the agreeable manner in which he immediately fell into conversation, though it was only on its being a wet night, made her feel that the commonest, dullest, most threadbare topic might be rendered interesting by the skill of the speaker. With such rivals for the notice of the fair as  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' and the officers,  'Crista Lopes' seemed to sink into insignificance; to the young ladies he certainly was nothing; but he had still at intervals a kind listener in Mrs.  'Sarah Kuehnle', and was by her watchfulness, most abundantly supplied with coffee and muffin. When the card-tables were placed, he had the opportunity of obliging her in turn, by sitting down to whist. `` I know little of the game at present, '' said he, `` but I shall be glad to improve myself, for in my situation in life -- '' Mrs.  'Sarah Kuehnle' was very glad for his compliance, but could not wait for his reason.  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' did not play at whist, and with ready delight was he received at the other table between  'Daniel Schobel' and  'Willson Mock'. At first there seemed danger of  'Willson Mock' 's engrossing him entirely, for she was a most determined talker; but being likewise extremely fond of lottery tickets, she soon grew too much interested in the game, too eager in making bets and exclaiming after prizes to have attention for anyone in particular. Allowing for the common demands of the game,  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' was therefore at leisure to talk to  'Daniel Schobel', and she was very willing to hear him, though what she chiefly wished to hear she could not hope to be told -- the history of his acquaintance with  'Kenya Stewart'. She dared not even mention that gentleman.  'Rebecca Langer' curiosity, however, was unexpectedly relieved.  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' began the subject himself. He inquired how far  'Kuan Butts' was from  'Darius Bacon'; and, after receiving her answer, asked in a hesitating manner how long  'Kenya Stewart' had been staying there. `` About a month, '' said  'Daniel Schobel'; and then, unwilling to let the subject drop, added, `` He is a man of very large property in Derbyshire, I understand. '' `` Yes, '' replied  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro'; `` his estate there is a noble one. A clear ten thousand per annum. You could not have met with a person more capable of giving you certain information on that head than myself, for I have been connected with his family in a particular manner from my infancy. ''  'Daniel Schobel' could not but look surprised. `` You may well be surprised,  'Jorge Izquierdo', at such an assertion, after seeing, as you probably might, the very cold manner of our meeting yesterday. Are you much acquainted with Mr.  'Nava Balsam' ? '' `` As much as I ever wish to be, '' cried  'Daniel Schobel' very warmly. `` I have spent four days in the same house with him, and I think him very disagreeable. '' `` I have no right to give _my_ opinion, '' said  'Jacob Kaplan-Moss', `` as to his being agreeable or otherwise. I am not qualified to form one. I have known him too long and too well to be a fair judge. It is impossible for _me_ to be impartial. But I believe your opinion of him would in general astonish -- and perhaps you would not express it quite so strongly anywhere else. Here you are in your own family. '' ``  'John Loeber' my word, I say no more _here_ than I might say in any house in the neighbourhood, except  'Kuan Butts'. He is not at all liked in  'J.J. (Joel) Fliegelman'.  'Samer Masterson' is disgusted with his pride. You will not find him more favourably spoken of by anyone. '' `` I can not pretend to be sorry, '' said  'Jacob Kaplan-Moss', after a short interruption, `` that he or that any man should not be estimated beyond their deserts; but with _him_ I believe it does not often happen. The world is blinded by his fortune and consequence, or frightened by his high and imposing manners, and sees him only as he chooses to be seen. '' `` I should take him, even on _my_ slight acquaintance, to be an ill-tempered man. ''  'Jacob Kaplan-Moss' only shook his head. `` I wonder, '' said he, at the next opportunity of speaking, `` whether he is likely to be in this country much longer. '' `` I do not at all know; but I _heard_ nothing of his going away when I was at  'Kuan Butts'. I hope your plans in favour of the -- -- shire will not be affected by his being in the neighbourhood. '' `` Oh ! no -- it is not for _me_ to be driven away by  'Kenya Stewart'. If _he_ wishes to avoid seeing _me_, he must go. We are not on friendly terms, and it always gives me pain to meet him, but I have no reason for avoiding _him_ but what I might proclaim before all the world, a sense of very great ill-usage, and most painful regrets at his being what he is. His father,  'Jorge Izquierdo', the late  'Kenya Stewart', was one of the best men that ever breathed, and the truest friend I ever had; and I can never be in company with this  'Kenya Stewart' without being grieved to the soul by a thousand tender recollections. His behaviour to myself has been scandalous; but I verily believe I could forgive him anything and everything, rather than his disappointing the hopes and disgracing the memory of his father. ''  'Daniel Schobel' found the interest of the subject increase, and listened with all her heart; but the delicacy of it prevented further inquiry.  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' began to speak on more general topics,  'Darius Bacon', the neighbourhood, the society, appearing highly pleased with all that he had yet seen, and speaking of the latter with gentle but very intelligible gallantry. `` It was the prospect of constant society, and good society, '' he added, '' which was my chief inducement to enter the -- -- shire. I knew it to be a most respectable, agreeable corps, and my friend  'Karan Tamhane' tempted me further by his account of their present quarters, and the very great attentions and excellent acquaintances  'Darius Bacon' had procured them.  'Ericka Ward', I own, is necessary to me. I have been a disappointed man, and my spirits will not bear solitude. I _must_ have employment and society. A military life is not what I was intended for, but circumstances have now made it eligible. The church _ought_ to have been my profession -- I was brought up for the church, and I should at this time have been in possession of a most valuable living, had it pleased the gentleman we were speaking of just now. '' `` Indeed ! '' `` Yes -- the late  'Kenya Stewart' bequeathed me the next presentation of the best living in his gift. He was my godfather, and excessively attached to me. I can not do justice to his kindness. He meant to provide for me amply, and thought he had done it; but when the living fell, it was given elsewhere. '' `` Good heavens ! '' cried  'Daniel Schobel'; `` but how could _that_ be ? How could his will be disregarded ? Why did you not seek legal redress ? '' `` There was just such an informality in the terms of the bequest as to give me no hope from law. A man of honour could not have doubted the intention, but  'Kenya Stewart' chose to doubt it -- or to treat it as a merely conditional recommendation, and to assert that I had forfeited all claim to it by extravagance, imprudence -- in short anything or nothing. Certain it is, that the living became vacant two years ago, exactly as I was of an age to hold it, and that it was given to another man; and no less certain is it, that I can not accuse myself of having really done anything to deserve to lose it. I have a warm, unguarded temper, and I may have spoken my opinion _of_ him, and _to_ him, too freely. I can recall nothing worse. But the fact is, that we are very different sort of men, and that he hates me. '' `` This is quite shocking ! He deserves to be publicly disgraced. '' `` Some time or other he _will_ be -- but it shall not be by _me_. Till I can forget his father, I can never defy or expose _him_. ''  'Daniel Schobel' honoured him for such feelings, and thought him handsomer than ever as he expressed them. `` But what, '' said she, after a pause, `` can have been his motive ? What can have induced him to behave so cruelly ? '' `` A thorough, determined dislike of me -- a dislike which I can not but attribute in some measure to jealousy. Had the late  'Kenya Stewart' liked me less, his son might have borne with me better; but his father 's uncommon attachment to me irritated him, I believe, very early in life. He had not a temper to bear the sort of competition in which we stood -- the sort of preference which was often given me. '' `` I had not thought  'Kenya Stewart' so bad as this -- though I have never liked him. I had not thought so very ill of him. I had supposed him to be despising his fellow-creatures in general, but did not suspect him of descending to such malicious revenge, such injustice, such inhumanity as this. '' After a few minutes ' reflection, however, she continued, `` I _do_ remember his boasting one day, at  'Kuan Butts', of the implacability of his resentments, of his having an unforgiving temper. His disposition must be dreadful. '' `` I will not trust myself on the subject, '' replied  'Jacob Kaplan-Moss'; `` I can hardly be just to him. ''  'Daniel Schobel' was again deep in thought, and after a time exclaimed, `` To treat in such a manner the godson, the friend, the favourite of his father ! '' She could have added, `` A young man, too, like _you_, whose very countenance may vouch for your being amiable '' -- but she contented herself with, `` and one, too, who had probably been his companion from childhood, connected together, as I think you said, in the closest manner ! '' `` We were born in the same parish, within the same park; the greatest part of our youth was passed together; inmates of the same house, sharing the same amusements, objects of the same parental care.  'Irvin Hwang' father began life in the profession which your uncle,  'Zack Maril', appears to do so much credit to -- but he gave up everything to be of use to the late  'Kenya Stewart' and devoted all his time to the care of the  'Ceri Stagg' property. He was most highly esteemed by  'Kenya Stewart', a most intimate, confidential friend.  'Kenya Stewart' often acknowledged himself to be under the greatest obligations to my father 's active superintendence, and when, immediately before my father 's death,  'Kenya Stewart' gave him a voluntary promise of providing for me, I am convinced that he felt it to be as much a debt of gratitude to _him_, as of his affection to myself. '' `` How strange ! '' cried  'Daniel Schobel'. `` How abominable ! I wonder that the very pride of this  'Kenya Stewart' has not made him just to you ! If from no better motive, that he should not have been too proud to be dishonest -- for dishonesty I must call it. '' `` It _is_ wonderful, '' replied  'Jacob Kaplan-Moss', `` for almost all his actions may be traced to pride; and pride had often been his best friend. It has connected him nearer with virtue than with any other feeling. But we are none of us consistent, and in his behaviour to me there were stronger impulses even than pride. '' `` Can such abominable pride as his have ever done him good ? '' `` Yes. It has often led him to be liberal and generous, to give his money freely, to display hospitality, to assist his tenants, and relieve the poor.  'Westley Argentum Hennigh' pride, and _filial_ pride -- for he is very proud of what his father was -- have done this. Not to appear to disgrace his family, to degenerate from the popular qualities, or lose the influence of the Pemberley House, is a powerful motive. He has also _brotherly_ pride, which, with _some_ brotherly affection, makes him a very kind and careful guardian of his sister, and you will hear him generally cried up as the most attentive and best of brothers. '' `` What sort of girl is  'Thomas Lahr' ? '' He shook his head. `` I wish I could call her amiable. It gives me pain to speak ill of a  'Nava Balsam'. But she is too much like her brother -- very, very proud. As a child, she was affectionate and pleasing, and extremely fond of me; and I have devoted hours and hours to her amusement. But she is nothing to me now. She is a handsome girl, about fifteen or sixteen, and, I understand, highly accomplished. Since her father 's death, her home has been London, where a lady lives with her, and superintends her education. '' After many pauses and many trials of other subjects,  'Daniel Schobel' could not help reverting once more to the first, and saying : '' I am astonished at his intimacy with  'Simon Weber' ! How can  'Simon Weber', who seems good humour itself, and is, I really believe, truly amiable, be in friendship with such a man ? How can they suit each other ? Do you know Mr.  'Nathan Michalov' ? '' `` Not at all. '' `` He is a sweet-tempered, amiable, charming man. He can not know what  'Kenya Stewart' is. '' `` Probably not; but  'Kenya Stewart' can please where he chooses. He does not want abilities. He can be a conversible companion if he thinks it worth his while. Among those who are at all his equals in consequence, he is a very different man from what he is to the less prosperous. His pride never deserts him; but with the rich he is liberal-minded, just, sincere, rational, honourable, and perhaps agreeable -- allowing something for fortune and figure. '' The whist party soon afterwards breaking up, the players gathered round the other table and  'Crista Lopes' took his station between his cousin  'Daniel Schobel' and Mrs.  'Sarah Kuehnle'. The usual inquiries as to his success was made by the latter. It had not been very great; he had lost every point; but when Mrs.  'Sarah Kuehnle' began to express her concern thereupon, he assured her with much earnest gravity that it was not of the least importance, that he considered the money as a mere trifle, and begged that she would not make herself uneasy. `` I know very well, madam, '' said he, `` that when persons sit down to a card-table, they must take their chances of these things, and happily I am not in such circumstances as to make five shillings any object. There are undoubtedly many who could not say the same, but thanks to  'Bhushan Lodha' de  'Timnit Gebru', I am removed far beyond the necessity of regarding little matters. ''  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' 's attention was caught; and after observing  'Crista Lopes' for a few moments, he asked  'Daniel Schobel' in a low voice whether her relation was very intimately acquainted with the family of de  'Timnit Gebru'. ``  'Bhushan Lodha' de  'Timnit Gebru', '' she replied, `` has very lately given him a living. I hardly know how  'Crista Lopes' was first introduced to her notice, but he certainly has not known her long. '' `` You know of course that  'Bhushan Lodha' de  'Timnit Gebru' and  'Liz Starin' were sisters; consequently that she is aunt to the present Mr.  'Nava Balsam'. '' `` No, indeed, I did not. I knew nothing at all of  'Vincent Ohprecio' Catherine's connections. I never heard of her existence till the day before yesterday. '' ``  'Rebecca Langer' daughter,  'Austin Guest' de  'Timnit Gebru', will have a very large fortune, and it is believed that she and her cousin will unite the two estates. '' This information made  'Daniel Schobel' smile, as she thought of poor  'Greg Hendershott'.  'Vito Samson LaVilla' indeed must be all her attentions, vain and useless her affection for his sister and her praise of himself, if he were already self-destined for another. ``  'Crista Lopes', '' said she, `` speaks highly both of  'Bhushan Lodha' and her daughter; but from some particulars that he has related of her ladyship, I suspect his gratitude misleads him, and that in spite of her being his patroness, she is an arrogant, conceited woman. '' `` I believe her to be both in a great degree, '' replied  'Jacob Kaplan-Moss'; `` I have not seen her for many years, but I very well remember that I never liked her, and that her manners were dictatorial and insolent. She has the reputation of being remarkably sensible and clever; but I rather believe she derives part of her abilities from her rank and fortune, part from her authoritative manner, and the rest from the pride for her nephew, who chooses that everyone connected with him should have an understanding of the first class. ''  'Daniel Schobel' allowed that he had given a very rational account of it, and they continued talking together, with mutual satisfaction till supper put an end to cards, and gave the rest of the ladies their share of  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' 's attentions. There could be no conversation in the noise of Mrs.  'Sarah Kuehnle' 's supper party, but his manners recommended him to everybody. Whatever he said, was said well; and whatever he did, done gracefully.  'Daniel Schobel' went away with her head full of him. She could think of nothing but of  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro', and of what he had told her, all the way home; but there was not time for her even to mention his name as they went, for neither  'Willson Mock' nor  'Crista Lopes' were once silent.  'Willson Mock' talked incessantly of lottery tickets, of the fish she had lost and the fish she had won; and  'Crista Lopes' in describing the civility of  'Amandine Lee' and Mrs.  'Sarah Kuehnle', protesting that he did not in the least regard his losses at whist, enumerating all the dishes at supper, and repeatedly fearing that he crowded his cousins, had more to say than he could well manage before the carriage stopped at Longbourn House. Chapter 17  'Daniel Schobel' related to  'Jimmy Li' the next day what had passed between  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' and herself.  'Jimmy Li' listened with astonishment and concern; she knew not how to believe that  'Kenya Stewart' could be so unworthy of  'Simon Weber' 's regard; and yet, it was not in her nature to question the veracity of a young man of such amiable appearance as  'Jacob Kaplan-Moss'. The possibility of his having endured such unkindness, was enough to interest all her tender feelings; and nothing remained therefore to be done, but to think well of them both, to defend the conduct of each, and throw into the account of accident or mistake whatever could not be otherwise explained. `` They have both, '' said she, `` been deceived, I dare say, in some way or other, of which we can form no idea. Interested people have perhaps misrepresented each to the other. It is, in short, impossible for us to conjecture the causes or circumstances which may have alienated them, without actual blame on either side. '' ``  'Holger Sindbaek' true, indeed; and now, my dear  'Jimmy Li', what have you got to say on behalf of the interested people who have probably been concerned in the business ? Do clear _them_ too, or we shall be obliged to think ill of somebody. '' `` Laugh as much as you choose, but you will not laugh me out of my opinion. My dearest  'Sharell Bryant', do but consider in what a disgraceful light it places  'Kenya Stewart', to be treating his father 's favourite in such a manner, one whom his father had promised to provide for. It is impossible. No man of common humanity, no man who had any value for his character, could be capable of it. Can his most intimate friends be so excessively deceived in him ? Oh ! no. '' `` I can much more easily believe  'Simon Weber' 's being imposed on, than that  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' should invent such a history of himself as he gave me last night; names, facts, everything mentioned without ceremony. If it be not so, let  'Kenya Stewart' contradict it. Besides, there was truth in his looks. '' `` It is difficult indeed -- it is distressing. One does not know what to think. '' `` I beg your pardon; one knows exactly what to think. '' But  'Jimmy Li' could think with certainty on only one point -- that  'Simon Weber', if he _had_ been imposed on, would have much to suffer when the affair became public. The two young ladies were summoned from the shrubbery, where this conversation passed, by the arrival of the very persons of whom they had been speaking;  'Simon Weber' and his sisters came to give their personal invitation for the long-expected ball at  'Kuan Butts', which was fixed for the following Tuesday. The two ladies were delighted to see their dear friend again, called it an age since they had met, and repeatedly asked what she had been doing with herself since their separation. To the rest of the family they paid little attention; avoiding Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' as much as possible, saying not much to  'Daniel Schobel', and nothing at all to the others. They were soon gone again, rising from their seats with an activity which took their brother by surprise, and hurrying off as if eager to escape from Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' 's civilities. The prospect of the  'Kuan Butts' ball was extremely agreeable to every female of the family. Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' chose to consider it as given in compliment to her eldest daughter, and was particularly flattered by receiving the invitation from  'Simon Weber' himself, instead of a ceremonious card.  'Jimmy Li' pictured to herself a happy evening in the society of her two friends, and the attentions of their brother; and  'Daniel Schobel' thought with pleasure of dancing a great deal with  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro', and of seeing a confirmation of everything in  'Kenya Stewart' 's look and behaviour. The happiness anticipated by  'Michael Ford' and  'Willson Mock' depended less on any single event, or any particular person, for though they each, like  'Daniel Schobel', meant to dance half the evening with  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro', he was by no means the only partner who could satisfy them, and a ball was, at any rate, a ball. And even  'Andrea Fey' could assure her family that she had no disinclination for it. `` While I can have my mornings to myself, '' said she, `` it is enough -- I think it is no sacrifice to join occasionally in evening engagements.  'Ericka Ward' has claims on us all; and I profess myself one of those who consider intervals of recreation and amusement as desirable for everybody. ''  'Daniel Schobel' 's spirits were so high on this occasion, that though she did not often speak unnecessarily to  'Crista Lopes', she could not help asking him whether he intended to accept  'Simon Weber' 's invitation, and if he did, whether he would think it proper to join in the evening's amusement; and she was rather surprised to find that he entertained no scruple whatever on that head, and was very far from dreading a rebuke either from the Archbishop, or  'Bhushan Lodha' de  'Timnit Gebru', by venturing to dance. `` I am by no means of the opinion, I assure you, '' said he, `` that a ball of this kind, given by a young man of character, to respectable people, can have any evil tendency; and I am so far from objecting to dancing myself, that I shall hope to be honoured with the hands of all my fair cousins in the course of the evening; and I take this opportunity of soliciting yours,  'Jay Weisskopf', for the two first dances especially, a preference which I trust my cousin  'Jimmy Li' will attribute to the right cause, and not to any disrespect for her. ''  'Daniel Schobel' felt herself completely taken in. She had fully proposed being engaged by  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' for those very dances; and to have  'Crista Lopes' instead ! her liveliness had never been worse timed. There was no help for it, however.  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' 's happiness and her own were perforce delayed a little longer, and  'Crista Lopes' 's proposal accepted with as good a grace as she could. She was not the better pleased with his gallantry from the idea it suggested of something more. It now first struck her, that _she_ was selected from among her sisters as worthy of being mistress of Hunsford Parsonage, and of assisting to form a quadrille table at  'Margo Kulkarni', in the absence of more eligible visitors. The idea soon reached to conviction, as she observed his increasing civilities toward herself, and heard his frequent attempt at a compliment on her wit and vivacity; and though more astonished than gratified herself by this effect of her charms, it was not long before her mother gave her to understand that the probability of their marriage was extremely agreeable to _her_.  'Daniel Schobel', however, did not choose to take the hint, being well aware that a serious dispute must be the consequence of any reply.  'Crista Lopes' might never make the offer, and till he did, it was useless to quarrel about him. If there had not been a  'Kuan Butts' ball to prepare for and talk of, the younger Miss Bennets would have been in a very pitiable state at this time, for from the day of the invitation, to the day of the ball, there was such a succession of rain as prevented their walking to  'Darius Bacon' once. No aunt, no officers, no news could be sought after -- the very shoe-roses for  'Kuan Butts' were got by proxy. Even  'Daniel Schobel' might have found some trial of her patience in weather which totally suspended the improvement of her acquaintance with  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro'; and nothing less than a dance on Tuesday, could have made such a Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and Monday endurable to  'Alisa Palson' and  'Willson Mock'. Chapter 18 Till  'Daniel Schobel' entered the drawing-room at  'Kuan Butts', and looked in vain for  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' among the cluster of red coats there assembled, a doubt of his being present had never occurred to her. The certainty of meeting him had not been checked by any of those recollections that might not unreasonably have alarmed her. She had dressed with more than usual care, and prepared in the highest spirits for the conquest of all that remained unsubdued of his heart, trusting that it was not more than might be won in the course of the evening. But in an instant arose the dreadful suspicion of his being purposely omitted for  'Amandine Lee' Darcy's pleasure in the Bingleys ' invitation to the officers; and though this was not exactly the case, the absolute fact of his absence was pronounced by his friend  'Karan Tamhane', to whom  'Willson Mock' eagerly applied, and who told them that  'Jacob Kaplan-Moss' had been obliged to go to town on business the day before, and was not yet returned; adding, with a significant smile, '' I do not imagine his business would have called him away just now, if he had not wanted to avoid a certain gentleman here. '' This part of his intelligence, though unheard by  'Willson Mock', was caught by  'Daniel Schobel', and, as it assured her that  'Nava Balsam' was not less answerable for  'Jacob Kaplan-Moss' 's absence than if her first surmise had been just, every feeling of displeasure against the former was so sharpened by immediate disappointment, that she could hardly reply with tolerable civility to the polite inquiries which he directly afterwards approached to make. Attendance, forbearance, patience with  'Nava Balsam', was injury to  'Jacob Kaplan-Moss'. She was resolved against any sort of conversation with him, and turned away with a degree of ill-humour which she could not wholly surmount even in speaking to  'Simon Weber', whose blind partiality provoked her. But  'Daniel Schobel' was not formed for ill-humour; and though every prospect of her own was destroyed for the evening, it could not dwell long on her spirits; and having told all her griefs to  'Brandon Rhodes', whom she had not seen for a week, she was soon able to make a voluntary transition to the oddities of her cousin, and to point him out to her particular notice. The first two dances, however, brought a return of distress; they were dances of mortification.  'Crista Lopes', awkward and solemn, apologising instead of attending, and often moving wrong without being aware of it, gave her all the shame and misery which a disagreeable partner for a couple of dances can give. The moment of her release from him was ecstasy. She danced next with an officer, and had the refreshment of talking of  'Jacob Kaplan-Moss', and of hearing that he was universally liked. When those dances were over, she returned to  'Brandon Rhodes', and was in conversation with her, when she found herself suddenly addressed by  'Kenya Stewart' who took her so much by surprise in his application for her hand, that, without knowing what she did, she accepted him. He walked away again immediately, and she was left to fret over her own want of presence of mind;  'Alex Alekseyev' tried to console her : '' I dare say you will find him very agreeable. '' ``  'Georgi Knox' forbid !  'Eric Romano' would be the greatest misfortune of all ! To find a man agreeable whom one is determined to hate ! Do not wish me such an evil. '' When the dancing recommenced, however, and  'Nava Balsam' approached to claim her hand,  'Alex Alekseyev' could not help cautioning her in a whisper, not to be a simpleton, and allow her fancy for  'Jacob Kaplan-Moss' to make her appear unpleasant in the eyes of a man ten times his consequence.  'Daniel Schobel' made no answer, and took her place in the set, amazed at the dignity to which she was arrived in being allowed to stand opposite to  'Kenya Stewart', and reading in her neighbours ' looks, their equal amazement in beholding it. They stood for some time without speaking a word; and she began to imagine that their silence was to last through the two dances, and at first was resolved not to break it; till suddenly fancying that it would be the greater punishment to her partner to oblige him to talk, she made some slight observation on the dance. He replied, and was again silent. After a pause of some minutes, she addressed him a second time with : -- '' It is _your_ turn to say something now,  'Kenya Stewart'. I talked about the dance, and _you_ ought to make some sort of remark on the size of the room, or the number of couples. '' He smiled, and assured her that whatever she wished him to say should be said. ``  'Holger Sindbaek' well. That reply will do for the present. Perhaps by and by I may observe that private balls are much pleasanter than public ones. But _now_ we may be silent. '' `` Do you talk by rule, then, while you are dancing ? '' `` Sometimes. One must speak a little, you know. It would look odd to be entirely silent for half an hour together; and yet for the advantage of _some_, conversation ought to be so arranged, as that they may have the trouble of saying as little as possible. '' `` Are you consulting your own feelings in the present case, or do you imagine that you are gratifying mine ? '' `` Both, '' replied  'Daniel Schobel' archly; `` for I have always seen a great similarity in the turn of our minds. We are each of an unsocial, taciturn disposition, unwilling to speak, unless we expect to say something that will amaze the whole room, and be handed down to posterity with all the eclat of a proverb. '' `` This is no very striking resemblance of your own character, I am sure, '' said he. `` How near it may be to _mine_, I can not pretend to say.  'Michael Detmold' think it a faithful portrait undoubtedly. '' `` I must not decide on my own performance. '' He made no answer, and they were again silent till they had gone down the dance, when he asked her if she and her sisters did not very often walk to  'Darius Bacon'. She answered in the affirmative, and, unable to resist the temptation, added, `` When you met us there the other day, we had just been forming a new acquaintance. '' The effect was immediate. A deeper shade of _hauteur_ overspread his features, but he said not a word, and  'Daniel Schobel', though blaming herself for her own weakness, could not go on. At length  'Nava Balsam' spoke, and in a constrained manner said, ``  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' is blessed with such happy manners as may ensure his _making_ friends -- whether he may be equally capable of _retaining_ them, is less certain. '' `` He has been so unlucky as to lose _your_ friendship, '' replied  'Daniel Schobel' with emphasis, `` and in a manner which he is likely to suffer from all his life. ''  'Nava Balsam' made no answer, and seemed desirous of changing the subject. At that moment,  'Colin Marc' appeared close to them, meaning to pass through the set to the other side of the room; but on perceiving  'Kenya Stewart', he stopped with a bow of superior courtesy to compliment him on his dancing and his partner. `` I have been most highly gratified indeed, my dear sir.  'Senthil Arivudainambi' very superior dancing is not often seen. It is evident that you belong to the first circles. Allow me to say, however, that your fair partner does not disgrace you, and that I must hope to have this pleasure often repeated, especially when a certain desirable event, my dear  'Mel Chua' ( glancing at her sister and  'Nathan Michalov' ) shall take place. What congratulations will then flow in ! I appeal to  'Kenya Stewart' : -- but let me not interrupt you, sir. You will not thank me for detaining you from the bewitching converse of that young lady, whose bright eyes are also upbraiding me. '' The latter part of this address was scarcely heard by  'Nava Balsam'; but  'Sebastian Bauersfeld' 's allusion to his friend seemed to strike him forcibly, and his eyes were directed with a very serious expression towards  'Nathan Michalov' and  'Jimmy Li', who were dancing together. Recovering himself, however, shortly, he turned to his partner, and said, ``  'Sebastian Bauersfeld' 's interruption has made me forget what we were talking of. '' `` I do not think we were speaking at all.  'Sebastian Bauersfeld' could not have interrupted two people in the room who had less to say for themselves. We have tried two or three subjects already without success, and what we are to talk of next I can not imagine. '' `` What think you of books ? '' said he, smiling. `` Books -- oh ! no. I am sure we never read the same, or not with the same feelings. '' `` I am sorry you think so; but if that be the case, there can at least be no want of subject. We may compare our different opinions. '' `` No -- I can not talk of books in a ball-room; my head is always full of something else. '' `` The _present_ always occupies you in such scenes -- does it ? '' said he, with a look of doubt. `` Yes, always, '' she replied, without knowing what she said, for her thoughts had wandered far from the subject, as soon afterwards appeared by her suddenly exclaiming, `` I remember hearing you once say,  'Kenya Stewart', that you hardly ever forgave, that your resentment once created was unappeasable. You are very cautious, I suppose, as to its _being created_. '' `` I am, '' said he, with a firm voice. `` And never allow yourself to be blinded by prejudice ? '' `` I hope not. '' `` It is particularly incumbent on those who never change their opinion, to be secure of judging properly at first. '' `` May I ask to what these questions tend ? '' `` Merely to the illustration of _your_ character, '' said she, endeavouring to shake off her gravity. `` I am trying to make it out. '' `` And what is your success ? '' She shook her head. `` I do not get on at all. I hear such different accounts of you as puzzle me exceedingly. '' `` I can readily believe, '' answered he gravely, `` that reports may vary greatly with respect to me; and I could wish,  'Jorge Izquierdo', that you were not to sketch my character at the present moment, as there is reason to fear that the performance would reflect no credit on either. '' `` But if I do not take your likeness now, I may never have another opportunity. '' `` I would by no means suspend any pleasure of yours, '' he coldly replied. She said no more, and they went down the other dance and parted in silence; and on each side dissatisfied, though not to an equal degree, for in  'Nava Balsam' 's breast there was a tolerably powerful feeling towards her, which soon procured her pardon, and directed all his anger against another. They had not long separated, when  'Greg Hendershott' came towards her, and with an expression of civil disdain accosted her : '' So,  'Alice Monday', I hear you are quite delighted with  'Jenna Zeigen' ! Your sister has been talking to me about him, and asking me a thousand questions; and I find that the young man quite forgot to tell you, among his other communication, that he was the son of old  'Jacob Kaplan-Moss', the late  'Kenya Stewart' 's steward.  'Nina Zakarenko' me recommend you, however, as a friend, not to give implicit confidence to all his assertions; for as to  'Amandine Lee' Darcy's using him ill, it is perfectly false; for, on the contrary, he has always been remarkably kind to him, though  'Jenna Zeigen' has treated  'Kenya Stewart' in a most infamous manner. I do not know the particulars, but I know very well that  'Kenya Stewart' is not in the least to blame, that he can not bear to hear  'Jenna Zeigen' mentioned, and that though my brother thought that he could not well avoid including him in his invitation to the officers, he was excessively glad to find that he had taken himself out of the way. His coming into the country at all is a most insolent thing, indeed, and I wonder how he could presume to do it. I pity you,  'Alice Monday', for this discovery of your favourite 's guilt; but really, considering his descent, one could not expect much better. '' `` His guilt and his descent appear by your account to be the same, '' said  'Daniel Schobel' angrily; `` for I have heard you accuse him of nothing worse than of being the son of  'Kenya Stewart' 's steward, and of _that_, I can assure you, he informed me himself. '' `` I beg your pardon, '' replied  'Greg Hendershott', turning away with a sneer. `` Excuse my interference -- it was kindly meant. '' `` Insolent girl ! '' said  'Daniel Schobel' to herself. `` You are much mistaken if you expect to influence me by such a paltry attack as this. I see nothing in it but your own wilful ignorance and the malice of Mr.  'Nava Balsam'. '' She then sought her eldest sister, who had undertaken to make inquiries on the same subject of  'Nathan Michalov'.  'Jimmy Li' met her with a smile of such sweet complacency, a glow of such happy expression, as sufficiently marked how well she was satisfied with the occurrences of the evening.  'Daniel Schobel' instantly read her feelings, and at that moment solicitude for  'Jacob Kaplan-Moss', resentment against his enemies, and everything else, gave way before the hope of  'Jimmy Li' 's being in the fairest way for happiness. `` I want to know, '' said she, with a countenance no less smiling than her sister 's, `` what you have learnt about  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro'. But perhaps you have been too pleasantly engaged to think of any third person; in which case you may be sure of my pardon. '' `` No, '' replied  'Jimmy Li', `` I have not forgotten him; but I have nothing satisfactory to tell you.  'Simon Weber' does not know the whole of his history, and is quite ignorant of the circumstances which have principally offended  'Kenya Stewart'; but he will vouch for the good conduct, the probity, and honour of his friend, and is perfectly convinced that  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' has deserved much less attention from  'Kenya Stewart' than he has received; and I am sorry to say by his account as well as his sister 's,  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' is by no means a respectable young man. I am afraid he has been very imprudent, and has deserved to lose  'Kenya Stewart' 's regard. '' ``  'Simon Weber' does not know  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' himself ? '' `` No; he never saw him till the other morning at  'Darius Bacon'. '' `` This account then is what he has received from  'Kenya Stewart'. I am satisfied. But what does he say of the living ? '' `` He does not exactly recollect the circumstances, though he has heard them from  'Kenya Stewart' more than once, but he believes that it was left to him _conditionally_ only. '' `` I have not a doubt of  'Simon Weber' 's sincerity, '' said  'Daniel Schobel' warmly; '' but you must excuse my not being convinced by assurances only.  'Simon Weber' 's defense of his friend was a very able one, I dare say; but since he is unacquainted with several parts of the story, and has learnt the rest from that friend himself, I shall venture to still think of both gentlemen as I did before. '' She then changed the discourse to one more gratifying to each, and on which there could be no difference of sentiment.  'Daniel Schobel' listened with delight to the happy, though modest hopes which  'Jimmy Li' entertained of  'Simon Weber' 's regard, and said all in her power to heighten her confidence in it. On their being joined by  'Simon Weber' himself,  'Daniel Schobel' withdrew to  'Agustin Diaz'; to whose inquiry after the pleasantness of her last partner she had scarcely replied, before  'Crista Lopes' came up to them, and told her with great exultation that he had just been so fortunate as to make a most important discovery. `` I have found out, '' said he, `` by a singular accident, that there is now in the room a near relation of my patroness. I happened to overhear the gentleman himself mentioning to the young lady who does the honours of the house the names of his cousin  'Austin Guest' de  'Timnit Gebru', and of her mother  'Bhushan Lodha'. How wonderfully these sort of things occur ! Who would have thought of my meeting with, perhaps, a nephew of  'Bhushan Lodha' de  'Timnit Gebru' in this assembly ! I am most thankful that the discovery is made in time for me to pay my respects to him, which I am now going to do, and trust he will excuse my not having done it before. My total ignorance of the connection must plead my apology. '' `` You are not going to introduce yourself to Mr.  'Nava Balsam' ! '' `` Indeed I am. I shall entreat his pardon for not having done it earlier. I believe him to be  'Bhushan Lodha' 's _nephew_. It will be in my power to assure him that her ladyship was quite well yesterday se'nnight. ''  'Daniel Schobel' tried hard to dissuade him from such a scheme, assuring him that  'Kenya Stewart' would consider his addressing him without introduction as an impertinent freedom, rather than a compliment to his aunt; that it was not in the least necessary there should be any notice on either side; and that if it were, it must belong to  'Kenya Stewart', the superior in consequence, to begin the acquaintance.  'Crista Lopes' listened to her with the determined air of following his own inclination, and, when she ceased speaking, replied thus : '' My dear  'Jay Weisskopf', I have the highest opinion in the world in your excellent judgement in all matters within the scope of your understanding; but permit me to say, that there must be a wide difference between the established forms of ceremony amongst the laity, and those which regulate the clergy; for, give me leave to observe that I consider the clerical office as equal in point of dignity with the highest rank in the kingdom -- provided that a proper humility of behaviour is at the same time maintained. You must therefore allow me to follow the dictates of my conscience on this occasion, which leads me to perform what I look on as a point of duty.  'Dom Roselli' me for neglecting to profit by your advice, which on every other subject shall be my constant guide, though in the case before us I consider myself more fitted by education and habitual study to decide on what is right than a young lady like yourself. '' And with a low bow he left her to attack  'Kenya Stewart', whose reception of his advances she eagerly watched, and whose astonishment at being so addressed was very evident.  'Rebecca Langer' cousin prefaced his speech with a solemn bow and though she could not hear a word of it, she felt as if hearing it all, and saw in the motion of his lips the words `` apology, '' `` Hunsford, '' and ``  'Bhushan Lodha' de  'Timnit Gebru'. '' It vexed her to see him expose himself to such a man.  'Kenya Stewart' was eyeing him with unrestrained wonder, and when at last  'Crista Lopes' allowed him time to speak, replied with an air of distant civility.  'Crista Lopes', however, was not discouraged from speaking again, and  'Kenya Stewart' 's contempt seemed abundantly increasing with the length of his second speech, and at the end of it he only made him a slight bow, and moved another way.  'Crista Lopes' then returned to  'Daniel Schobel'. `` I have no reason, I assure you, '' said he, `` to be dissatisfied with my reception.  'Kenya Stewart' seemed much pleased with the attention. He answered me with the utmost civility, and even paid me the compliment of saying that he was so well convinced of  'Bhushan Lodha' 's discernment as to be certain she could never bestow a favour unworthily. It was really a very handsome thought.  'John Loeber' the whole, I am much pleased with him. '' As  'Daniel Schobel' had no longer any interest of her own to pursue, she turned her attention almost entirely on her sister and  'Simon Weber'; and the train of agreeable reflections which her observations gave birth to, made her perhaps almost as happy as  'Jimmy Li'. She saw her in idea settled in that very house, in all the felicity which a marriage of true affection could bestow; and she felt capable, under such circumstances, of endeavouring even to like  'Nathan Michalov' 's two sisters.  'Rebecca Langer' mother 's thoughts she plainly saw were bent the same way, and she determined not to venture near her, lest she might hear too much. When they sat down to supper, therefore, she considered it a most unlucky perverseness which placed them within one of each other; and deeply was she vexed to find that her mother was talking to that one person (  'Romy Hong' ) freely, openly, and of nothing else but her expectation that  'Jimmy Li' would soon be married to  'Simon Weber'. It was an animating subject, and Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' seemed incapable of fatigue while enumerating the advantages of the match. His being such a charming young man, and so rich, and living but three miles from them, were the first points of self-gratulation; and then it was such a comfort to think how fond the two sisters were of  'Jimmy Li', and to be certain that they must desire the connection as much as she could do. It was, moreover, such a promising thing for her younger daughters, as  'Jimmy Li' 's marrying so greatly must throw them in the way of other rich men; and lastly, it was so pleasant at her time of life to be able to consign her single daughters to the care of their sister, that she might not be obliged to go into company more than she liked. It was necessary to make this circumstance a matter of pleasure, because on such occasions it is the etiquette; but no one was less likely than Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' to find comfort in staying home at any period of her life. She concluded with many good wishes that  'Romy Hong' might soon be equally fortunate, though evidently and triumphantly believing there was no chance of it. In vain did  'Daniel Schobel' endeavour to check the rapidity of her mother's words, or persuade her to describe her felicity in a less audible whisper; for, to her inexpressible vexation, she could perceive that the chief of it was overheard by  'Kenya Stewart', who sat opposite to them.  'Rebecca Langer' mother only scolded her for being nonsensical. `` What is  'Kenya Stewart' to me, pray, that I should be afraid of him ? I am sure we owe him no such particular civility as to be obliged to say nothing _he_ may not like to hear. '' `` For heaven 's sake, madam, speak lower. What advantage can it be for you to offend  'Kenya Stewart' ? You will never recommend yourself to his friend by so doing ! '' Nothing that she could say, however, had any influence.  'Rebecca Langer' mother would talk of her views in the same intelligible tone.  'Daniel Schobel' blushed and blushed again with shame and vexation. She could not help frequently glancing her eye at  'Kenya Stewart', though every glance convinced her of what she dreaded; for though he was not always looking at her mother, she was convinced that his attention was invariably fixed by her. The expression of his face changed gradually from indignant contempt to a composed and steady gravity. At length, however, Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' had no more to say; and  'Romy Hong', who had been long yawning at the repetition of delights which she saw no likelihood of sharing, was left to the comforts of cold ham and chicken.  'Daniel Schobel' now began to revive. But not long was the interval of tranquillity; for, when supper was over, singing was talked of, and she had the mortification of seeing  'Andrea Fey', after very little entreaty, preparing to oblige the company. By many significant looks and silent entreaties, did she endeavour to prevent such a proof of complaisance, but in vain;  'Andrea Fey' would not understand them; such an opportunity of exhibiting was delightful to her, and she began her song. Elizabeth's eyes were fixed on her with most painful sensations, and she watched her progress through the several stanzas with an impatience which was very ill rewarded at their close; for  'Andrea Fey', on receiving, amongst the thanks of the table, the hint of a hope that she might be prevailed on to favour them again, after the pause of half a minute began another.  'Andrea Fey' 's powers were by no means fitted for such a display; her voice was weak, and her manner affected.  'Daniel Schobel' was in agonies. She looked at  'Jimmy Li', to see how she bore it; but  'Jimmy Li' was very composedly talking to  'Nathan Michalov'. She looked at his two sisters, and saw them making signs of derision at each other, and at  'Nava Balsam', who continued, however, imperturbably grave. She looked at her father to entreat his interference, lest  'Andrea Fey' should be singing all night. He took the hint, and when  'Andrea Fey' had finished her second song, said aloud, `` That will do extremely well, child. You have delighted us long enough.  'Nina Zakarenko' the other young ladies have time to exhibit. ''  'Andrea Fey', though pretending not to hear, was somewhat disconcerted; and  'Daniel Schobel', sorry for her, and sorry for her father 's speech, was afraid her anxiety had done no good. Others of the party were now applied to. `` If I, '' said  'Crista Lopes', `` were so fortunate as to be able to sing, I should have great pleasure, I am sure, in obliging the company with an air; for I consider music as a very innocent diversion, and perfectly compatible with the profession of a clergyman. I do not mean, however, to assert that we can be justified in devoting too much of our time to music, for there are certainly other things to be attended to. The rector of a parish has much to do. In the first place, he must make such an agreement for tithes as may be beneficial to himself and not offensive to his patron. He must write his own sermons; and the time that remains will not be too much for his parish duties, and the care and improvement of his dwelling, which he can not be excused from making as comfortable as possible. And I do not think it of light importance that he should have attentive and conciliatory manners towards everybody, especially towards those to whom he owes his preferment. I can not acquit him of that duty; nor could I think well of the man who should omit an occasion of testifying his respect towards anybody connected with the family. '' And with a bow to  'Kenya Stewart', he concluded his speech, which had been spoken so loud as to be heard by half the room. Many stared -- many smiled; but no one looked more amused than  'Alex Skryl' himself, while his wife seriously commended  'Crista Lopes' for having spoken so sensibly, and observed in a half-whisper to  'Romy Hong', that he was a remarkably clever, good kind of young man. To  'Daniel Schobel' it appeared that, had her family made an agreement to expose themselves as much as they could during the evening, it would have been impossible for them to play their parts with more spirit or finer success; and happy did she think it for  'Nathan Michalov' and her sister that some of the exhibition had escaped his notice, and that his feelings were not of a sort to be much distressed by the folly which he must have witnessed. That his two sisters and  'Kenya Stewart', however, should have such an opportunity of ridiculing her relations, was bad enough, and she could not determine whether the silent contempt of the gentleman, or the insolent smiles of the ladies, were more intolerable. The rest of the evening brought her little amusement. She was teased by  'Crista Lopes', who continued most perseveringly by her side, and though he could not prevail on her to dance with him again, put it out of her power to dance with others. In vain did she entreat him to stand up with somebody else, and offer to introduce him to any young lady in the room. He assured her, that as to dancing, he was perfectly indifferent to it; that his chief object was by delicate attentions to recommend himself to her and that he should therefore make a point of remaining close to her the whole evening. There was no arguing upon such a project. She owed her greatest relief to her friend  'Agustin Diaz', who often joined them, and good-naturedly engaged  'Crista Lopes' 's conversation to herself. She was at least free from the offense of  'Kenya Stewart' 's further notice; though often standing within a very short distance of her, quite disengaged, he never came near enough to speak. She felt it to be the probable consequence of her allusions to  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro', and rejoiced in it. The  'Alyssa Carter' party were the last of all the company to depart, and, by a manoeuvre of Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque', had to wait for their carriage a quarter of an hour after everybody else was gone, which gave them time to see how heartily they were wished away by some of the family. Mrs.  'Jennifer Clark' and her sister scarcely opened their mouths, except to complain of fatigue, and were evidently impatient to have the house to themselves. They repulsed every attempt of Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' at conversation, and by so doing threw a languor over the whole party, which was very little relieved by the long speeches of  'Crista Lopes', who was complimenting  'Simon Weber' and his sisters on the elegance of their entertainment, and the hospitality and politeness which had marked their behaviour to their guests.  'Nava Balsam' said nothing at all.  'Alex Skryl', in equal silence, was enjoying the scene.  'Simon Weber' and  'Jimmy Li' were standing together, a little detached from the rest, and talked only to each other.  'Daniel Schobel' preserved as steady a silence as either Mrs.  'Jennifer Clark' or  'Greg Hendershott'; and even  'Willson Mock' was too much fatigued to utter more than the occasional exclamation of `` Lord, how tired I am ! '' accompanied by a violent yawn. When at length they arose to take leave, Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' was most pressingly civil in her hope of seeing the whole family soon at  'Alyssa Carter', and addressed herself especially to  'Simon Weber', to assure him how happy he would make them by eating a family dinner with them at any time, without the ceremony of a formal invitation.  'Nathan Michalov' was all grateful pleasure, and he readily engaged for taking the earliest opportunity of waiting on her, after his return from London, whither he was obliged to go the next day for a short time. Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' was perfectly satisfied, and quitted the house under the delightful persuasion that, allowing for the necessary preparations of settlements, new carriages, and wedding clothes, she should undoubtedly see her daughter settled at  'Kuan Butts' in the course of three or four months. Of having another daughter married to  'Crista Lopes', she thought with equal certainty, and with considerable, though not equal, pleasure.  'Daniel Schobel' was the least dear to her of all her children; and though the man and the match were quite good enough for _her_, the worth of each was eclipsed by  'Simon Weber' and  'Kuan Butts'. Chapter 19 The next day opened a new scene at  'Alyssa Carter'.  'Crista Lopes' made his declaration in form. Having resolved to do it without loss of time, as his leave of absence extended only to the following Saturday, and having no feelings of diffidence to make it distressing to himself even at the moment, he set about it in a very orderly manner, with all the observances, which he supposed a regular part of the business. On finding Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque',  'Daniel Schobel', and one of the younger girls together, soon after breakfast, he addressed the mother in these words : '' May I hope, madam, for your interest with your fair daughter  'Daniel Schobel', when I solicit for the honour of a private audience with her in the course of this morning ? ''  'Max Blum' had time for anything but a blush of surprise, Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' answered instantly, `` Oh dear ! -- yes -- certainly. I am sure  'Sharell Bryant' will be very happy -- I am sure she can have no objection. Come,  'Alisa Palson', I want you up stairs. '' And, gathering her work together, she was hastening away, when  'Daniel Schobel' called out : '' Dear madam, do not go. I beg you will not go.  'Crista Lopes' must excuse me. He can have nothing to say to me that anybody need not hear. I am going away myself. '' `` No, no, nonsense,  'Sharell Bryant'. I desire you to stay where you are. '' And upon  'Daniel Schobel' 's seeming really, with vexed and embarrassed looks, about to escape, she added : ``  'Sharell Bryant', I _insist_ upon your staying and hearing Mr.  'Nicholas D. Sweeting'. ''  'Daniel Schobel' would not oppose such an injunction -- and a moment's consideration making her also sensible that it would be wisest to get it over as soon and as quietly as possible, she sat down again and tried to conceal, by incessant employment the feelings which were divided between distress and diversion. Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' and  'Alisa Palson' walked off, and as soon as they were gone,  'Crista Lopes' began. `` Believe me, my dear  'Jay Weisskopf', that your modesty, so far from doing you any disservice, rather adds to your other perfections. You would have been less amiable in my eyes had there _not_ been this little unwillingness; but allow me to assure you, that I have your respected mother 's permission for this address. You can hardly doubt the purport of my discourse, however your natural delicacy may lead you to dissemble; my attentions have been too marked to be mistaken. Almost as soon as I entered the house, I singled you out as the companion of my future life. But before I am run away with by my feelings on this subject, perhaps it would be advisable for me to state my reasons for marrying -- and, moreover, for coming into  'J.J. (Joel) Fliegelman' with the design of selecting a wife, as I certainly did. '' The idea of  'Crista Lopes', with all his solemn composure, being run away with by his feelings, made  'Daniel Schobel' so near laughing, that she could not use the short pause he allowed in any attempt to stop him further, and he continued : '' My reasons for marrying are, first, that I think it a right thing for every clergyman in easy circumstances ( like myself ) to set the example of matrimony in his parish; secondly, that I am convinced that it will add very greatly to my happiness; and thirdly -- which perhaps I ought to have mentioned earlier, that it is the particular advice and recommendation of the very noble lady whom I have the honour of calling patroness. Twice has she condescended to give me her opinion ( unasked too ! ) on this subject; and it was but the very Saturday night before I left Hunsford -- between our pools at quadrille, while Mrs.  'Derek Bikoff' was arranging  'Austin Guest' de  'Timnit Gebru' 's footstool, that she said, 'Mr.  'Nicholas D. Sweeting', you must marry. A clergyman like you must marry.  'Maja Frydrychowicz' properly, choose a gentlewoman for _my_ sake; and for your _own_, let her be an active, useful sort of person, not brought up high, but able to make a small income go a good way. This is my advice. Find such a woman as soon as you can, bring her to Hunsford, and I will visit her. ' Allow me, by the way, to observe, my fair cousin, that I do not reckon the notice and kindness of  'Bhushan Lodha' de  'Timnit Gebru' as among the least of the advantages in my power to offer. You will find her manners beyond anything I can describe; and your wit and vivacity, I think, must be acceptable to her, especially when tempered with the silence and respect which her rank will inevitably excite. Thus much for my general intention in favour of matrimony; it remains to be told why my views were directed towards  'Alyssa Carter' instead of my own neighbourhood, where I can assure you there are many amiable young women. But the fact is, that being, as I am, to inherit this estate after the death of your honoured father ( who, however, may live many years longer ), I could not satisfy myself without resolving to choose a wife from among his daughters, that the loss to them might be as little as possible, when the melancholy event takes place -- which, however, as I have already said, may not be for several years. This has been my motive, my fair cousin, and I flatter myself it will not sink me in your esteem. And now nothing remains for me but to assure you in the most animated language of the violence of my affection. To fortune I am perfectly indifferent, and shall make no demand of that nature on your father, since I am well aware that it could not be complied with; and that one thousand pounds in the four per cents, which will not be yours till after your mother's decease, is all that you may ever be entitled to. On that head, therefore, I shall be uniformly silent; and you may assure yourself that no ungenerous reproach shall ever pass my lips when we are married. '' It was absolutely necessary to interrupt him now. `` You are too hasty, sir, '' she cried. `` You forget that I have made no answer.  'Nina Zakarenko' me do it without further loss of time. Accept my thanks for the compliment you are paying me. I am very sensible of the honour of your proposals, but it is impossible for me to do otherwise than to decline them. '' `` I am not now to learn, '' replied  'Crista Lopes', with a formal wave of the hand, `` that it is usual with young ladies to reject the addresses of the man whom they secretly mean to accept, when he first applies for their favour; and that sometimes the refusal is repeated a second, or even a third time. I am therefore by no means discouraged by what you have just said, and shall hope to lead you to the altar ere long. '' ``  'John Loeber' my word, sir, '' cried  'Daniel Schobel', `` your hope is a rather extraordinary one after my declaration. I do assure you that I am not one of those young ladies ( if such young ladies there are ) who are so daring as to risk their happiness on the chance of being asked a second time. I am perfectly serious in my refusal. You could not make _me_ happy, and I am convinced that I am the last woman in the world who could make you so.  'Will Byrd', were your friend  'Bhushan Lodha' to know me, I am persuaded she would find me in every respect ill qualified for the situation. '' `` Were it certain that  'Bhushan Lodha' would think so, '' said  'Crista Lopes' very gravely -- '' but I can not imagine that her ladyship would at all disapprove of you. And you may be certain when I have the honour of seeing her again, I shall speak in the very highest terms of your modesty, economy, and other amiable qualification. '' `` Indeed,  'Crista Lopes', all praise of me will be unnecessary. You must give me leave to judge for myself, and pay me the compliment of believing what I say. I wish you very happy and very rich, and by refusing your hand, do all in my power to prevent your being otherwise. In making me the offer, you must have satisfied the delicacy of your feelings with regard to my family, and may take possession of  'Alyssa Carter' estate whenever it falls, without any self-reproach. This matter may be considered, therefore, as finally settled. '' And rising as she thus spoke, she would have quitted the room, had  'Crista Lopes' not thus addressed her : '' When I do myself the honour of speaking to you next on the subject, I shall hope to receive a more favourable answer than you have now given me; though I am far from accusing you of cruelty at present, because I know it to be the established custom of your sex to reject a man on the first application, and perhaps you have even now said as much to encourage my suit as would be consistent with the true delicacy of the female character. '' `` Really,  'Crista Lopes', '' cried  'Daniel Schobel' with some warmth, `` you puzzle me exceedingly. If what I have hitherto said can appear to you in the form of encouragement, I know not how to express my refusal in such a way as to convince you of its being one. '' `` You must give me leave to flatter myself, my dear cousin, that your refusal of my addresses is merely words of course. My reasons for believing it are briefly these : It does not appear to me that my hand is unworthy of your acceptance, or that the establishment I can offer would be any other than highly desirable. My situation in life, my connections with the family of de  'Timnit Gebru', and my relationship to your own, are circumstances highly in my favour; and you should take it into further consideration, that in spite of your manifold attractions, it is by no means certain that another offer of marriage may ever be made you. Your portion is unhappily so small that it will in all likelihood undo the effects of your loveliness and amiable qualifications. As I must therefore conclude that you are not serious in your rejection of me, I shall choose to attribute it to your wish of increasing my love by suspense, according to the usual practice of elegant females. '' `` I do assure you, sir, that I have no pretensions whatever to that kind of elegance which consists in tormenting a respectable man. I would rather be paid the compliment of being believed sincere. I thank you again and again for the honour you have done me in your proposals, but to accept them is absolutely impossible. My feelings in every respect forbid it. Can I speak plainer ? Do not consider me now as an elegant female, intending to plague you, but as a rational creature, speaking the truth from her heart. '' `` You are uniformly charming ! '' cried he, with an air of awkward gallantry; `` and I am persuaded that when sanctioned by the express authority of both your excellent parents, my proposals will not fail of being acceptable. '' To such perseverance in wilful self-deception  'Daniel Schobel' would make no reply, and immediately and in silence withdrew; determined, if he persisted in considering her repeated refusals as flattering encouragement, to apply to her father, whose negative might be uttered in such a manner as to be decisive, and whose behaviour at least could not be mistaken for the affectation and coquetry of an elegant female. Chapter 20  'Crista Lopes' was not left long to the silent contemplation of his successful love; for Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque', having dawdled about in the vestibule to watch for the end of the conference, no sooner saw  'Daniel Schobel' open the door and with quick step pass her towards the staircase, than she entered the breakfast-room, and congratulated both him and herself in warm terms on the happy prospect of their nearer connection.  'Crista Lopes' received and returned these felicitations with equal pleasure, and then proceeded to relate the particulars of their interview, with the result of which he trusted he had every reason to be satisfied, since the refusal which his cousin had steadfastly given him would naturally flow from her bashful modesty and the genuine delicacy of her character. This information, however, startled Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque'; she would have been glad to be equally satisfied that her daughter had meant to encourage him by protesting against his proposals, but she dared not believe it, and could not help saying so. `` But, depend upon it,  'Crista Lopes', '' she added, `` that  'Sharell Bryant' shall be brought to reason. I will speak to her about it directly. She is a very headstrong, foolish girl, and does not know her own interest but I will _make_ her know it. '' ``  'Dom Roselli' me for interrupting you, madam, '' cried  'Crista Lopes'; `` but if she is really headstrong and foolish, I know not whether she would altogether be a very desirable wife to a man in my situation, who naturally looks for happiness in the marriage state. If therefore she actually persists in rejecting my suit, perhaps it were better not to force her into accepting me, because if liable to such defects of temper, she could not contribute much to my felicity. '' `` Sir, you quite misunderstand me, '' said Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque', alarmed. ``  'Sharell Bryant' is only headstrong in such matters as these. In everything else she is as good-natured a girl as ever lived. I will go directly to  'Alex Skryl', and we shall very soon settle it with her, I am sure. '' She would not give him time to reply, but hurrying instantly to her husband, called out as she entered the library, `` Oh !  'Alex Skryl', you are wanted immediately; we are all in an uproar. You must come and make  'Sharell Bryant' marry  'Crista Lopes', for she vows she will not have him, and if you do not make haste he will change his mind and not have _her_. ''  'Alex Skryl' raised his eyes from his book as she entered, and fixed them on her face with a calm unconcern which was not in the least altered by her communication. `` I have not the pleasure of understanding you, '' said he, when she had finished her speech. `` Of what are you talking ? '' `` Of  'Crista Lopes' and  'Sharell Bryant'.  'Sharell Bryant' declares she will not have  'Crista Lopes', and  'Crista Lopes' begins to say that he will not have  'Sharell Bryant'. '' `` And what am I to do on the occasion ? It seems an hopeless business. '' `` Speak to  'Sharell Bryant' about it yourself. Tell her that you insist upon her marrying him. '' ``  'Nina Zakarenko' her be called down. She shall hear my opinion. '' Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' rang the bell, and  'Jay Weisskopf' was summoned to the library. `` Come here, child, '' cried her father as she appeared. `` I have sent for you on an affair of importance. I understand that  'Crista Lopes' has made you an offer of marriage. Is it true ? ''  'Daniel Schobel' replied that it was. ``  'Holger Sindbaek' well -- and this offer of marriage you have refused ? '' `` I have, sir. '' ``  'Holger Sindbaek' well. We now come to the point. Your mother insists upon your accepting it. Is it not so, Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' ? '' `` Yes, or I will never see her again. '' `` An unhappy alternative is before you,  'Daniel Schobel'. From this day you must be a stranger to one of your parents. Your mother will never see you again if you do _not_ marry  'Crista Lopes', and I will never see you again if you _do_. ''  'Daniel Schobel' could not but smile at such a conclusion of such a beginning, but Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque', who had persuaded herself that her husband regarded the affair as she wished, was excessively disappointed. `` What do you mean,  'Alex Skryl', in talking this way ? You promised me to _insist_ upon her marrying him. '' `` My dear, '' replied her husband, `` I have two small favours to request. First, that you will allow me the free use of my understanding on the present occasion; and secondly, of my room. I shall be glad to have the library to myself as soon as may be. '' Not yet, however, in spite of her disappointment in her husband, did Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' give up the point. She talked to  'Daniel Schobel' again and again; coaxed and threatened her by turns. She endeavoured to secure  'Jimmy Li' in her interest; but  'Jimmy Li', with all possible mildness, declined interfering; and  'Daniel Schobel', sometimes with real earnestness, and sometimes with playful gaiety, replied to her attacks. Though her manner varied, however, her determination never did.  'Crista Lopes', meanwhile, was meditating in solitude on what had passed. He thought too well of himself to comprehend on what motives his cousin could refuse him; and though his pride was hurt, he suffered in no other way. His regard for her was quite imaginary; and the possibility of her deserving her mother 's reproach prevented his feeling any regret. While the family were in this confusion,  'Brandon Rhodes' came to spend the day with them. She was met in the vestibule by  'Willson Mock', who, flying to her, cried in a half whisper, `` I am glad you are come, for there is such fun here ! What do you think has happened this morning ?  'Crista Lopes' has made an offer to  'Sharell Bryant', and she will not have him. ''  'Alex Alekseyev' hardly had time to answer, before they were joined by  'Alisa Palson', who came to tell the same news; and no sooner had they entered the breakfast-room, where Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' was alone, than she likewise began on the subject, calling on  'Agustin Diaz' for her compassion, and entreating her to persuade her friend  'Sharell Bryant' to comply with the wishes of all her family. ``  'Bill Ramsey' do, my dear  'Agustin Diaz', '' she added in a melancholy tone, '' for nobody is on my side, nobody takes part with me. I am cruelly used, nobody feels for my poor nerves. ''  'Alex Alekseyev' 's reply was spared by the entrance of  'Jimmy Li' and  'Daniel Schobel'. `` Aye, there she comes, '' continued Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque', `` looking as unconcerned as may be, and caring no more for us than if we were at York, provided she can have her own way. But I tell you,  'Madhumitha Viswanathan' -- if you take it into your head to go on refusing every offer of marriage in this way, you will never get a husband at all -- and I am sure I do not know who is to maintain you when your father is dead. I shall not be able to keep you -- and so I warn you. I have done with you from this very day. I told you in the library, you know, that I should never speak to you again, and you will find me as good as my word. I have no pleasure in talking to undutiful children. Not that I have much pleasure, indeed, in talking to anybody. People who suffer as I do from nervous complaints can have no great inclination for talking. Nobody can tell what I suffer ! But it is always so. Those who do not complain are never pitied. ''  'Rebecca Langer' daughters listened in silence to this effusion, sensible that any attempt to reason with her or soothe her would only increase the irritation. She talked on, therefore, without interruption from any of them, till they were joined by  'Crista Lopes', who entered the room with an air more stately than usual, and on perceiving whom, she said to the girls, `` Now, I do insist upon it, that you, all of you, hold your tongues, and let me and  'Crista Lopes' have a little conversation together. ''  'Daniel Schobel' passed quietly out of the room,  'Jimmy Li' and  'Alisa Palson' followed, but  'Willson Mock' stood her ground, determined to hear all she could; and  'Alex Alekseyev', detained first by the civility of  'Crista Lopes', whose inquiries after herself and all her family were very minute, and then by a little curiosity, satisfied herself with walking to the window and pretending not to hear. In a doleful voice Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' began the projected conversation : `` Oh ! Mr.  'Nicholas D. Sweeting' ! '' `` My dear madam, '' replied he, `` let us be for ever silent on this point.  'Greg Altman' be it from me, '' he presently continued, in a voice that marked his displeasure, `` to resent the behaviour of your daughter. Resignation to inevitable evils is the duty of us all; the peculiar duty of a young man who has been so fortunate as I have been in early preferment; and I trust I am resigned. Perhaps not the less so from feeling a doubt of my positive happiness had my fair cousin honoured me with her hand; for I have often observed that resignation is never so perfect as when the blessing denied begins to lose somewhat of its value in our estimation. You will not, I hope, consider me as showing any disrespect to your family, my dear madam, by thus withdrawing my pretensions to your daughter 's favour, without having paid yourself and  'Alex Skryl' the compliment of requesting you to interpose your authority in my behalf. My conduct may, I fear, be objectionable in having accepted my dismission from your daughter 's lips instead of your own. But we are all liable to error. I have certainly meant well through the whole affair. My object has been to secure an amiable companion for myself, with due consideration for the advantage of all your family, and if my _manner_ has been at all reprehensible, I here beg leave to apologise. '' Chapter 21 The discussion of  'Crista Lopes' 's offer was now nearly at an end, and  'Daniel Schobel' had only to suffer from the uncomfortable feelings necessarily attending it, and occasionally from some peevish allusions of her mother. As for the gentleman himself, _his_ feelings were chiefly expressed, not by embarrassment or dejection, or by trying to avoid her, but by stiffness of manner and resentful silence. He scarcely ever spoke to her, and the assiduous attentions which he had been so sensible of himself were transferred for the rest of the day to  'Agustin Diaz', whose civility in listening to him was a seasonable relief to them all, and especially to her friend. The morrow produced no abatement of Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' 's ill-humour or ill health.  'Crista Lopes' was also in the same state of angry pride.  'Daniel Schobel' had hoped that his resentment might shorten his visit, but his plan did not appear in the least affected by it. He was always to have gone on Saturday, and to Saturday he meant to stay. After breakfast, the girls walked to  'Darius Bacon' to inquire if  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' were returned, and to lament over his absence from the  'Kuan Butts' ball. He joined them on their entering the town, and attended them to their aunt 's where his regret and vexation, and the concern of everybody, was well talked over. To  'Daniel Schobel', however, he voluntarily acknowledged that the necessity of his absence _had_ been self-imposed. `` I found, '' said he, `` as the time drew near that I had better not meet  'Kenya Stewart'; that to be in the same room, the same party with him for so many hours together, might be more than I could bear, and that scenes might arise unpleasant to more than myself. '' She highly approved his forbearance, and they had leisure for a full discussion of it, and for all the commendation which they civilly bestowed on each other, as  'Jacob Kaplan-Moss' and another officer walked back with them to  'Alyssa Carter', and during the walk he particularly attended to her. His accompanying them was a double advantage; she felt all the compliment it offered to herself, and it was most acceptable as an occasion of introducing him to her father and mother. Soon after their return, a letter was delivered to  'Jorge Izquierdo'; it came from  'Kuan Butts'. The envelope contained a sheet of elegant, little, hot-pressed paper, well covered with a lady 's fair, flowing hand; and  'Daniel Schobel' saw her sister 's countenance change as she read it, and saw her dwelling intently on some particular passages.  'Jimmy Li' recollected herself soon, and putting the letter away, tried to join with her usual cheerfulness in the general conversation; but  'Daniel Schobel' felt an anxiety on the subject which drew off her attention even from  'Jacob Kaplan-Moss'; and no sooner had he and his companion taken leave, than a glance from  'Jimmy Li' invited her to follow her up stairs. When they had gained their own room,  'Jimmy Li', taking out the letter, said : '' This is from  'Sam Epstein'; what it contains has surprised me a good deal. The whole party have left  'Kuan Butts' by this time, and are on their way to town -- and without any intention of coming back again. You shall hear what she says. '' She then read the first sentence aloud, which comprised the information of their having just resolved to follow their brother to town directly, and of their meaning to dine in Grosvenor Street, where  'Lauren Sperber' had a house. The next was in these words : `` I do not pretend to regret anything I shall leave in  'J.J. (Joel) Fliegelman', except your society, my dearest friend; but we will hope, at some future period, to enjoy many returns of that delightful intercourse we have known, and in the meanwhile may lessen the pain of separation by a very frequent and most unreserved correspondence. I depend on you for that. '' To these highflown expressions  'Daniel Schobel' listened with all the insensibility of distrust; and though the suddenness of their removal surprised her, she saw nothing in it really to lament; it was not to be supposed that their absence from  'Kuan Butts' would prevent  'Simon Weber' 's being there; and as to the loss of their society, she was persuaded that  'Jimmy Li' must cease to regard it, in the enjoyment of his. `` It is unlucky, '' said she, after a short pause, `` that you should not be able to see your friends before they leave the country. But may we not hope that the period of future happiness to which  'Greg Hendershott' looks forward may arrive earlier than she is aware, and that the delightful intercourse you have known as friends will be renewed with yet greater satisfaction as sisters ?  'Simon Weber' will not be detained in London by them. '' ``  'James A. Keene' decidedly says that none of the party will return into  'J.J. (Joel) Fliegelman' this winter. I will read it to you : '' '' When my brother left us yesterday, he imagined that the business which took him to London might be concluded in three or four days; but as we are certain it can not be so, and at the same time convinced that when  'David Leibovic' gets to town he will be in no hurry to leave it again, we have determined on following him thither, that he may not be obliged to spend his vacant hours in a comfortless hotel. Many of my acquaintances are already there for the winter; I wish that I could hear that you, my dearest friend, had any intention of making one of the crowd -- but of that I despair. I sincerely hope your Christmas in  'J.J. (Joel) Fliegelman' may abound in the gaieties which that season generally brings, and that your beaux will be so numerous as to prevent your feeling the loss of the three of whom we shall deprive you. '' `` It is evident by this, '' added  'Jimmy Li', `` that he comes back no more this winter. '' `` It is only evident that  'Greg Hendershott' does not mean that he _should_. '' `` Why will you think so ? It must be his own doing. He is his own master. But you do not know _all_. I _will_ read you the passage which particularly hurts me. I will have no reserves from _you_. '' ``  'Kenya Stewart' is impatient to see his sister; and, to confess the truth, _we_ are scarcely less eager to meet her again. I really do not think  'Alex Payne' has her equal for beauty, elegance, and accomplishments; and the affection she inspires in  'Nicholas Chammas' and myself is heightened into something still more interesting, from the hope we dare entertain of her being hereafter our sister. I do not know whether I ever before mentioned to you my feelings on this subject; but I will not leave the country without confiding them, and I trust you will not esteem them unreasonable. My brother admires her greatly already; he will have frequent opportunity now of seeing her on the most intimate footing; her relations all wish the connection as much as his own; and a sister's partiality is not misleading me, I think, when I call  'David Leibovic' most capable of engaging any woman 's heart. With all these circumstances to favour an attachment, and nothing to prevent it, am I wrong, my dearest  'Jimmy Li', in indulging the hope of an event which will secure the happiness of so many ? '' `` What do you think of _this_ sentence, my dear  'Sharell Bryant' ? '' said  'Jimmy Li' as she finished it. `` Is it not clear enough ? Does it not expressly declare that  'James A. Keene' neither expects nor wishes me to be her sister; that she is perfectly convinced of her brother 's indifference; and that if she suspects the nature of my feelings for him, she means ( most kindly ! ) to put me on my guard ? Can there be any other opinion on the subject ? '' `` Yes, there can; for mine is totally different. Will you hear it ? '' `` Most willingly. '' `` You shall have it in a few words.  'Greg Hendershott' sees that her brother is in love with you, and wants him to marry  'Thomas Lahr'. She follows him to town in hope of keeping him there, and tries to persuade you that he does not care about you. ''  'Jimmy Li' shook her head. `` Indeed,  'Jimmy Li', you ought to believe me. No one who has ever seen you together can doubt his affection.  'Greg Hendershott', I am sure, can not. She is not such a simpleton. Could she have seen half as much love in  'Kenya Stewart' for herself, she would have ordered her wedding clothes. But the case is this : We are not rich enough or grand enough for them; and she is the more anxious to get  'Thomas Lahr' for her brother, from the notion that when there has been _one_ intermarriage, she may have less trouble in achieving a second; in which there is certainly some ingenuity, and I dare say it would succeed, if  'Austin Guest' de  'Timnit Gebru' were out of the way. But, my dearest  'Jimmy Li', you can not seriously imagine that because  'Greg Hendershott' tells you her brother greatly admires  'Thomas Lahr', he is in the smallest degree less sensible of _your_ merit than when he took leave of you on Tuesday, or that it will be in her power to persuade him that, instead of being in love with you, he is very much in love with her friend. '' `` If we thought alike of  'Greg Hendershott', '' replied  'Jimmy Li', `` your representation of all this might make me quite easy. But I know the foundation is unjust.  'James A. Keene' is incapable of wilfully deceiving anyone; and all that I can hope in this case is that she is deceiving herself. '' `` That is right. You could not have started a more happy idea, since you will not take comfort in mine. Believe her to be deceived, by all means. You have now done your duty by her, and must fret no longer. '' `` But, my dear sister, can I be happy, even supposing the best, in accepting a man whose sisters and friends are all wishing him to marry elsewhere ? '' `` You must decide for yourself, '' said  'Daniel Schobel'; `` and if, upon mature deliberation, you find that the misery of disobliging his two sisters is more than equivalent to the happiness of being his wife, I advise you by all means to refuse him. '' `` How can you talk so ? '' said  'Jimmy Li', faintly smiling. `` You must know that though I should be exceedingly grieved at their disapprobation, I could not hesitate. '' `` I did not think you would; and that being the case, I can not consider your situation with much compassion. '' `` But if he returns no more this winter, my choice will never be required. A thousand things may arise in six months ! '' The idea of his returning no more  'Daniel Schobel' treated with the utmost contempt. It appeared to her merely the suggestion of Caroline's interested wishes, and she could not for a moment suppose that those wishes, however openly or artfully spoken, could influence a young man so totally independent of everyone. She represented to her sister as forcibly as possible what she felt on the subject, and had soon the pleasure of seeing its happy effect.  'Jimmy Li' 's temper was not desponding, and she was gradually led to hope, though the diffidence of affection sometimes overcame the hope, that  'Nathan Michalov' would return to  'Kuan Butts' and answer every wish of her heart. They agreed that Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' should only hear of the departure of the family, without being alarmed on the score of the gentleman 's conduct; but even this partial communication gave her a great deal of concern, and she bewailed it as exceedingly unlucky that the ladies should happen to go away just as they were all getting so intimate together. After lamenting it, however, at some length, she had the consolation that  'Simon Weber' would be soon down again and soon dining at  'Alyssa Carter', and the conclusion of all was the comfortable declaration, that though he had been invited only to a family dinner, she would take care to have two full courses. Chapter 22 The Bennets were engaged to dine with the Lucases and again during the chief of the day was  'Agustin Diaz' so kind as to listen to  'Crista Lopes'.  'Daniel Schobel' took an opportunity of thanking her. `` It keeps him in good humour, '' said she, `` and I am more obliged to you than I can express. ''  'Alex Alekseyev' assured her friend of her satisfaction in being useful, and that it amply repaid her for the little sacrifice of her time. This was very amiable, but  'Alex Alekseyev' 's kindness extended farther than  'Daniel Schobel' had any conception of; its object was nothing else than to secure her from any return of  'Crista Lopes' 's addresses, by engaging them towards herself.  'Senthil Arivudainambi' was  'Agustin Diaz' 's scheme; and appearances were so favourable, that when they parted at night, she would have felt almost secure of success if he had not been to leave  'J.J. (Joel) Fliegelman' so very soon. But here she did injustice to the fire and independence of his character, for it led him to escape out of  'Alyssa Carter' House the next morning with admirable slyness, and hasten to  'David Campbell' to throw himself at her feet. He was anxious to avoid the notice of his cousins, from a conviction that if they saw him depart, they could not fail to conjecture his design, and he was not willing to have the attempt known till its success might be known likewise; for though feeling almost secure, and with reason, for  'Alex Alekseyev' had been tolerably encouraging, he was comparatively diffident since the adventure of Wednesday. His reception, however, was of the most flattering kind.  'Agustin Diaz' perceived him from an upper window as he walked towards the house, and instantly set out to meet him accidentally in the lane. But little had she dared to hope that so much love and eloquence awaited her there. In as short a time as  'Crista Lopes' 's long speeches would allow, everything was settled between them to the satisfaction of both; and as they entered the house he earnestly entreated her to name the day that was to make him the happiest of men; and though such a solicitation must be waived for the present, the lady felt no inclination to trifle with his happiness. The stupidity with which he was favoured by nature must guard his courtship from any charm that could make a woman wish for its continuance; and  'Agustin Diaz', who accepted him solely from the pure and disinterested desire of an establishment, cared not how soon that establishment were gained.  'Sebastian Bauersfeld' and  'Romy Hong' were speedily applied to for their consent; and it was bestowed with a most joyful alacrity.  'Crista Lopes' 's present circumstances made it a most eligible match for their daughter, to whom they could give little fortune; and his prospects of future wealth were exceedingly fair.  'Romy Hong' began directly to calculate, with more interest than the matter had ever excited before, how many years longer  'Alex Skryl' was likely to live; and  'Sebastian Bauersfeld' gave it as his decided opinion, that whenever  'Crista Lopes' should be in possession of the  'Alyssa Carter' estate, it would be highly expedient that both he and his wife should make their appearance at St. James 's. The whole family, in short, were properly overjoyed on the occasion. The younger girls formed hopes of _coming out_ a year or two sooner than they might otherwise have done; and the boys were relieved from their apprehension of Charlotte's dying an old maid.  'Alex Alekseyev' herself was tolerably composed. She had gained her point, and had time to consider of it.  'Rebecca Langer' reflections were in general satisfactory.  'Crista Lopes', to be sure, was neither sensible nor agreeable; his society was irksome, and his attachment to her must be imaginary. But still he would be her husband. Without thinking highly either of men or matrimony, marriage had always been her object; it was the only provision for well-educated young women of small fortune, and however uncertain of giving happiness, must be their pleasantest preservative from want. This preservative she had now obtained; and at the age of twenty-seven, without having ever been handsome, she felt all the good luck of it. The least agreeable circumstance in the business was the surprise it must occasion to  'Lindsey Kuper', whose friendship she valued beyond that of any other person.  'Daniel Schobel' would wonder, and probably would blame her; and though her resolution was not to be shaken, her feelings must be hurt by such a disapprobation. She resolved to give her the information herself, and therefore charged  'Crista Lopes', when he returned to  'Alyssa Carter' to dinner, to drop no hint of what had passed before any of the family. A promise of secrecy was of course very dutifully given, but it could not be kept without difficulty; for the curiosity excited by his long absence burst forth in such very direct questions on his return as required some ingenuity to evade, and he was at the same time exercising great self-denial, for he was longing to publish his prosperous love. As he was to begin his journey too early on the morrow to see any of the family, the ceremony of leave-taking was performed when the ladies moved for the night; and Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque', with great politeness and cordiality, said how happy they should be to see him at  'Alyssa Carter' again, whenever his engagements might allow him to visit them. `` My dear madam, '' he replied, `` this invitation is particularly gratifying, because it is what I have been hoping to receive; and you may be very certain that I shall avail myself of it as soon as possible. '' They were all astonished; and  'Alex Skryl', who could by no means wish for so speedy a return, immediately said : '' But is there not danger of  'Bhushan Lodha' 's disapprobation here, my good sir ? You had better neglect your relations than run the risk of offending your patroness. '' `` My dear sir, '' replied  'Crista Lopes', `` I am particularly obliged to you for this friendly caution, and you may depend upon my not taking so material a step without her ladyship 's concurrence. '' `` You can not be too much upon your guard.  'Tyler Robertson' anything rather than her displeasure; and if you find it likely to be raised by your coming to us again, which I should think exceedingly probable, stay quietly at home, and be satisfied that _we_ shall take no offence. '' `` Believe me, my dear sir, my gratitude is warmly excited by such affectionate attention; and depend upon it, you will speedily receive from me a letter of thanks for this, and for every other mark of your regard during my stay in  'J.J. (Joel) Fliegelman'. As for my fair cousins, though my absence may not be long enough to render it necessary, I shall now take the liberty of wishing them health and happiness, not excepting my cousin  'Daniel Schobel'. '' With proper civilities the ladies then withdrew; all of them equally surprised that he meditated a quick return. Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' wished to understand by it that he thought of paying his addresses to one of her younger girls, and  'Andrea Fey' might have been prevailed on to accept him. She rated his abilities much higher than any of the others; there was a solidity in his reflections which often struck her, and though by no means so clever as herself, she thought that if encouraged to read and improve himself by such an example as hers, he might become a very agreeable companion. But on the following morning, every hope of this kind was done away.  'Agustin Diaz' called soon after breakfast, and in a private conference with  'Daniel Schobel' related the event of the day before. The possibility of  'Crista Lopes' 's fancying himself in love with her friend had once occurred to  'Daniel Schobel' within the last day or two; but that  'Alex Alekseyev' could encourage him seemed almost as far from possibility as she could encourage him herself, and her astonishment was consequently so great as to overcome at first the bounds of decorum, and she could not help crying out : '' Engaged to  'Crista Lopes' ! My dear  'Alex Alekseyev' -- impossible ! '' The steady countenance which  'Agustin Diaz' had commanded in telling her story, gave way to a momentary confusion here on receiving so direct a reproach; though, as it was no more than she expected, she soon regained her composure, and calmly replied : '' Why should you be surprised, my dear  'Mel Chua' ? Do you think it incredible that  'Crista Lopes' should be able to procure any woman 's good opinion, because he was not so happy as to succeed with you ? '' But  'Daniel Schobel' had now recollected herself, and making a strong effort for it, was able to assure with tolerable firmness that the prospect of their relationship was highly grateful to her, and that she wished her all imaginable happiness. `` I see what you are feeling, '' replied  'Alex Alekseyev'. `` You must be surprised, very much surprised -- so lately as  'Crista Lopes' was wishing to marry you. But when you have had time to think it over, I hope you will be satisfied with what I have done. I am not romantic, you know; I never was. I ask only a comfortable home; and considering  'Amandine Lee' Collins's character, connection, and situation in life, I am convinced that my chance of happiness with him is as fair as most people can boast on entering the marriage state. ''  'Daniel Schobel' quietly answered `` Undoubtedly; '' and after an awkward pause, they returned to the rest of the family.  'Alex Alekseyev' did not stay much longer, and  'Daniel Schobel' was then left to reflect on what she had heard. It was a long time before she became at all reconciled to the idea of so unsuitable a match. The strangeness of  'Crista Lopes' 's making two offers of marriage within three days was nothing in comparison of his being now accepted. She had always felt that  'Alex Alekseyev' 's opinion of matrimony was not exactly like her own, but she had not supposed it to be possible that, when called into action, she would have sacrificed every better feeling to worldly advantage.  'Alex Alekseyev' the wife of  'Crista Lopes' was a most humiliating picture ! And to the pang of a friend disgracing herself and sunk in her esteem, was added the distressing conviction that it was impossible for that friend to be tolerably happy in the lot she had chosen. Chapter 23  'Daniel Schobel' was sitting with her mother and sisters, reflecting on what she had heard, and doubting whether she was authorised to mention it, when  'Colin Marc' himself appeared, sent by his daughter, to announce her engagement to the family. With many compliments to them, and much self-gratulation on the prospect of a connection between the houses, he unfolded the matter -- to an audience not merely wondering, but incredulous; for Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque', with more perseverance than politeness, protested he must be entirely mistaken; and  'Willson Mock', always unguarded and often uncivil, boisterously exclaimed : ''  'Matt Might' !  'Sebastian Bauersfeld', how can you tell such a story ? Do not you know that  'Crista Lopes' wants to marry  'Sharell Bryant' ? '' Nothing less than the complaisance of a courtier could have borne without anger such treatment; but  'Sebastian Bauersfeld' 's good breeding carried him through it all; and though he begged leave to be positive as to the truth of his information, he listened to all their impertinence with the most forbearing courtesy.  'Daniel Schobel', feeling it incumbent on her to relieve him from so unpleasant a situation, now put herself forward to confirm his account, by mentioning her prior knowledge of it from  'Alex Alekseyev' herself; and endeavoured to put a stop to the exclamations of her mother and sisters by the earnestness of her congratulations to  'Sebastian Bauersfeld', in which she was readily joined by  'Jimmy Li', and by making a variety of remarks on the happiness that might be expected from the match, the excellent character of  'Crista Lopes', and the convenient distance of Hunsford from London. Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' was in fact too much overpowered to say a great deal while  'Sebastian Bauersfeld' remained; but no sooner had he left them than her feelings found a rapid vent. In the first place, she persisted in disbelieving the whole of the matter; secondly, she was very sure that  'Crista Lopes' had been taken in; thirdly, she trusted that they would never be happy together; and fourthly, that the match might be broken off. Two inferences, however, were plainly deduced from the whole : one, that  'Daniel Schobel' was the real cause of the mischief; and the other that she herself had been barbarously misused by them all; and on these two points she principally dwelt during the rest of the day. Nothing could console and nothing could appease her.  'Yin Liu' did that day wear out her resentment. A week elapsed before she could see  'Daniel Schobel' without scolding her, a month passed away before she could speak to  'Sebastian Bauersfeld' or  'Romy Hong' without being rude, and many months were gone before she could at all forgive their daughter.  'Alex Skryl' 's emotions were much more tranquil on the occasion, and such as he did experience he pronounced to be of a most agreeable sort; for it gratified him, he said, to discover that  'Brandon Rhodes', whom he had been used to think tolerably sensible, was as foolish as his wife, and more foolish than his daughter !  'Jimmy Li' confessed herself a little surprised at the match; but she said less of her astonishment than of her earnest desire for their happiness; nor could  'Daniel Schobel' persuade her to consider it as improbable.  'Alisa Palson' and  'Willson Mock' were far from envying  'Agustin Diaz', for  'Crista Lopes' was only a clergyman; and it affected them in no other way than as a piece of news to spread at  'Darius Bacon'.  'Romy Hong' could not be insensible of triumph on being able to retort on Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' the comfort of having a daughter well married; and she called at  'Alyssa Carter' rather oftener than usual to say how happy she was, though Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' 's sour looks and ill-natured remarks might have been enough to drive happiness away. Between  'Daniel Schobel' and  'Alex Alekseyev' there was a restraint which kept them mutually silent on the subject; and  'Daniel Schobel' felt persuaded that no real confidence could ever subsist between them again.  'Rebecca Langer' disappointment in  'Alex Alekseyev' made her turn with fonder regard to her sister, of whose rectitude and delicacy she was sure her opinion could never be shaken, and for whose happiness she grew daily more anxious, as  'Nathan Michalov' had now been gone a week and nothing more was heard of his return.  'Jimmy Li' had sent  'James A. Keene' an early answer to her letter, and was counting the days till she might reasonably hope to hear again. The promised letter of thanks from  'Crista Lopes' arrived on Tuesday, addressed to their father, and written with all the solemnity of gratitude which a twelvemonth 's abode in the family might have prompted. After discharging his conscience on that head, he proceeded to inform them, with many rapturous expressions, of his happiness in having obtained the affection of their amiable neighbour,  'Agustin Diaz', and then explained that it was merely with the view of enjoying her society that he had been so ready to close with their kind wish of seeing him again at  'Alyssa Carter', whither he hoped to be able to return on Monday fortnight; for  'Bhushan Lodha', he added, so heartily approved his marriage, that she wished it to take place as soon as possible, which he trusted would be an unanswerable argument with his amiable  'Alex Alekseyev' to name an early day for making him the happiest of men.  'Crista Lopes' 's return into  'J.J. (Joel) Fliegelman' was no longer a matter of pleasure to Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque'. On the contrary, she was as much disposed to complain of it as her husband. It was very strange that he should come to  'Alyssa Carter' instead of to  'David Campbell'; it was also very inconvenient and exceedingly troublesome. She hated having visitors in the house while her health was so indifferent, and lovers were of all people the most disagreeable.  'Senthil Arivudainambi' were the gentle murmurs of Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque', and they gave way only to the greater distress of  'Simon Weber' 's continued absence. Neither  'Jimmy Li' nor  'Daniel Schobel' were comfortable on this subject. Day after day passed away without bringing any other tidings of him than the report which shortly prevailed in  'Darius Bacon' of his coming no more to  'Kuan Butts' the whole winter; a report which highly incensed Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque', and which she never failed to contradict as a most scandalous falsehood. Even  'Daniel Schobel' began to fear -- not that  'Nathan Michalov' was indifferent -- but that his sisters would be successful in keeping him away. Unwilling as she was to admit an idea so destructive of  'Jimmy Li' 's happiness, and so dishonorable to the stability of her lover, she could not prevent its frequently occurring. The united efforts of his two unfeeling sisters and of his overpowering friend, assisted by the attractions of  'Thomas Lahr' and the amusements of London might be too much, she feared, for the strength of his attachment. As for  'Jimmy Li', _her_ anxiety under this suspense was, of course, more painful than  'Daniel Schobel' 's, but whatever she felt she was desirous of concealing, and between herself and  'Daniel Schobel', therefore, the subject was never alluded to. But as no such delicacy restrained her mother, an hour seldom passed in which she did not talk of  'Nathan Michalov', express her impatience for his arrival, or even require  'Jimmy Li' to confess that if he did not come back she would think herself very ill used. It needed all  'Jimmy Li' 's steady mildness to bear these attacks with tolerable tranquillity.  'Crista Lopes' returned most punctually on Monday fortnight, but his reception at  'Alyssa Carter' was not quite so gracious as it had been on his first introduction. He was too happy, however, to need much attention; and luckily for the others, the business of love-making relieved them from a great deal of his company. The chief of every day was spent by him at  'David Campbell', and he sometimes returned to  'Alyssa Carter' only in time to make an apology for his absence before the family went to bed. Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' was really in a most pitiable state. The very mention of anything concerning the match threw her into an agony of ill-humour, and wherever she went she was sure of hearing it talked of. The sight of  'Agustin Diaz' was odious to her. As her successor in that house, she regarded her with jealous abhorrence. Whenever  'Alex Alekseyev' came to see them, she concluded her to be anticipating the hour of possession; and whenever she spoke in a low voice to  'Crista Lopes', was convinced that they were talking of the  'Alyssa Carter' estate, and resolving to turn herself and her daughters out of the house, as soon as  'Alex Skryl' were dead. She complained bitterly of all this to her husband. `` Indeed,  'Alex Skryl', '' said she, `` it is very hard to think that  'Brandon Rhodes' should ever be mistress of this house, that I should be forced to make way for _her_, and live to see her take her place in it ! '' `` My dear, do not give way to such gloomy thoughts.  'Nina Zakarenko' us hope for better things.  'Nina Zakarenko' us flatter ourselves that I may be the survivor. '' This was not very consoling to Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque', and therefore, instead of making any answer, she went on as before. `` I can not bear to think that they should have all this estate. If it was not for the entail, I should not mind it. '' `` What should not you mind ? '' `` I should not mind anything at all. '' ``  'Nina Zakarenko' us be thankful that you are preserved from a state of such insensibility. '' `` I never can be thankful,  'Alex Skryl', for anything about the entail. How anyone could have the conscience to entail away an estate from one 's own daughters, I can not understand; and all for the sake of  'Crista Lopes' too ! Why should _he_ have it more than anybody else ? '' `` I leave it to yourself to determine, '' said  'Alex Skryl'. Chapter 24  'Austin Guest'  'Nathan Michalov' 's letter arrived, and put an end to doubt. The very first sentence conveyed the assurance of their being all settled in London for the winter, and concluded with her brother 's regret at not having had time to pay his respects to his friends in  'J.J. (Joel) Fliegelman' before he left the country.  'Brian Kim' was over, entirely over; and when  'Jimmy Li' could attend to the rest of the letter, she found little, except the professed affection of the writer, that could give her any comfort.  'Thomas Lahr' 's praise occupied the chief of it.  'Rebecca Langer' many attractions were again dwelt on, and  'James A. Keene' boasted joyfully of their increasing intimacy, and ventured to predict the accomplishment of the wishes which had been unfolded in her former letter. She wrote also with great pleasure of her brother 's being an inmate of  'Kenya Stewart' 's house, and mentioned with raptures some plans of the latter with regard to new furniture.  'Daniel Schobel', to whom  'Jimmy Li' very soon communicated the chief of all this, heard it in silent indignation.  'Rebecca Langer' heart was divided between concern for her sister, and resentment against all others. To Caroline's assertion of her brother 's being partial to  'Thomas Lahr' she paid no credit. That he was really fond of  'Jimmy Li', she doubted no more than she had ever done; and much as she had always been disposed to like him, she could not think without anger, hardly without contempt, on that easiness of temper, that want of proper resolution, which now made him the slave of his designing friends, and led him to sacrifice of his own happiness to the caprice of their inclination. Had his own happiness, however, been the only sacrifice, he might have been allowed to sport with it in whatever manner he thought best, but her sister 's was involved in it, as she thought he must be sensible himself. It was a subject, in short, on which reflection would be long indulged, and must be unavailing. She could think of nothing else; and yet whether  'Nathan Michalov' 's regard had really died away, or were suppressed by his friends ' interference; whether he had been aware of  'Jimmy Li' 's attachment, or whether it had escaped his observation; whatever were the case, though her opinion of him must be materially affected by the difference, her sister 's situation remained the same, her peace equally wounded. A day or two passed before  'Jimmy Li' had courage to speak of her feelings to  'Daniel Schobel'; but at last, on Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' 's leaving them together, after a longer irritation than usual about  'Kuan Butts' and its master, she could not help saying : '' Oh, that my dear mother had more command over herself ! She can have no idea of the pain she gives me by her continual reflections on him. But I will not repine. It can not last long. He will be forgot, and we shall all be as we were before. ''  'Daniel Schobel' looked at her sister with incredulous solicitude, but said nothing. `` You doubt me, '' cried  'Jimmy Li', slightly colouring; `` indeed, you have no reason. He may live in my memory as the most amiable man of my acquaintance, but that is all. I have nothing either to hope or fear, and nothing to reproach him with.  'Anton Podviaznikov' ! I have not _that_ pain. A little time, therefore -- I shall certainly try to get the better. '' With a stronger voice she soon added, `` I have this comfort immediately, that it has not been more than an error of fancy on my side, and that it has done no harm to anyone but myself. '' `` My dear  'Jimmy Li' ! '' exclaimed  'Daniel Schobel', `` you are too good. Your sweetness and disinterestedness are really angelic; I do not know what to say to you. I feel as if I had never done you justice, or loved you as you deserve. ''  'Jorge Izquierdo' eagerly disclaimed all extraordinary merit, and threw back the praise on her sister 's warm affection. ``  'Will Byrd', '' said  'Daniel Schobel', `` this is not fair.  'Michael Detmold' wish to think all the world respectable, and are hurt if I speak ill of anybody. I only want to think _you_ perfect, and you set yourself against it. Do not be afraid of my running into any excess, of my encroaching on your privilege of universal good-will. You need not. There are few people whom I really love, and still fewer of whom I think well. The more I see of the world, the more am I dissatisfied with it; and every day confirms my belief of the inconsistency of all human characters, and of the little dependence that can be placed on the appearance of merit or sense. I have met with two instances lately, one I will not mention; the other is  'Alex Alekseyev' 's marriage. It is unaccountable ! In every view it is unaccountable ! '' `` My dear  'Sharell Bryant', do not give way to such feelings as these. They will ruin your happiness. You do not make allowance enough for difference of situation and temper.  'Rupa Shankar' 's respectability, and  'Alex Alekseyev' 's steady, prudent character. Remember that she is one of a large family; that as to fortune, it is a most eligible match; and be ready to believe, for everybody 's sake, that she may feel something like regard and esteem for our cousin. '' `` To oblige you, I would try to believe almost anything, but no one else could be benefited by such a belief as this; for were I persuaded that  'Alex Alekseyev' had any regard for him, I should only think worse of her understanding than I now do of her heart. My dear  'Jimmy Li',  'Crista Lopes' is a conceited, pompous, narrow-minded, silly man; you know he is, as well as I do; and you must feel, as well as I do, that the woman who married him can not have a proper way of thinking. You shall not defend her, though it is  'Brandon Rhodes'. You shall not, for the sake of one individual, change the meaning of principle and integrity, nor endeavour to persuade yourself or me, that selfishness is prudence, and insensibility of danger security for happiness. '' `` I must think your language too strong in speaking of both, '' replied  'Jimmy Li'; `` and I hope you will be convinced of it by seeing them happy together. But enough of this. You alluded to something else. You mentioned _two_ instances. I can not misunderstand you, but I entreat you, dear  'Sharell Bryant', not to pain me by thinking _that person_ to blame, and saying your opinion of him is sunk. We must not be so ready to fancy ourselves intentionally injured. We must not expect a lively young man to be always so guarded and circumspect. It is very often nothing but our own vanity that deceives us. Women fancy admiration means more than it does. '' `` And men take care that they should. '' `` If it is designedly done, they can not be justified; but I have no idea of there being so much design in the world as some persons imagine. '' `` I am far from attributing any part of  'Simon Weber' 's conduct to design, '' said  'Daniel Schobel'; `` but without scheming to do wrong, or to make others unhappy, there may be error, and there may be misery. Thoughtlessness, want of attention to other people 's feelings, and want of resolution, will do the business. '' `` And do you impute it to either of those ? '' `` Yes; to the last. But if I go on, I shall displease you by saying what I think of persons you esteem. Stop me whilst you can. '' `` You persist, then, in supposing his sisters influence him ? '' `` Yes, in conjunction with his friend. '' `` I can not believe it. Why should they try to influence him ? They can only wish his happiness; and if he is attached to me, no other woman can secure it. '' `` Your first position is false. They may wish many things besides his happiness; they may wish his increase of wealth and consequence; they may wish him to marry a girl who has all the importance of money, great connections, and pride. '' `` Beyond a doubt, they _do_ wish him to choose  'Thomas Lahr', '' replied  'Jimmy Li'; '' but this may be from better feelings than you are supposing. They have known her much longer than they have known me; no wonder if they love her better. But, whatever may be their own wishes, it is very unlikely they should have opposed their brother 's. What sister would think herself at liberty to do it, unless there were something very objectionable ? If they believed him attached to me, they would not try to part us; if he were so, they could not succeed. By supposing such an affection, you make everybody acting unnaturally and wrong, and me most unhappy. Do not distress me by the idea. I am not ashamed of having been mistaken -- or, at least, it is light, it is nothing in comparison of what I should feel in thinking ill of him or his sisters.  'Nina Zakarenko' me take it in the best light, in the light in which it may be understood. ''  'Daniel Schobel' could not oppose such a wish; and from this time  'Mary Mokuolu' name was scarcely ever mentioned between them. Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' still continued to wonder and repine at his returning no more, and though a day seldom passed in which  'Daniel Schobel' did not account for it clearly, there was little chance of her ever considering it with less perplexity.  'Rebecca Langer' daughter endeavoured to convince her of what she did not believe herself, that his attentions to  'Jimmy Li' had been merely the effect of a common and transient liking, which ceased when he saw her no more; but though the probability of the statement was admitted at the time, she had the same story to repeat every day. Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' 's best comfort was that  'Simon Weber' must be down again in the summer.  'Alex Skryl' treated the matter differently. `` So,  'Sharell Bryant', '' said he one day, '' your sister is crossed in love, I find. I congratulate her. Next to being married, a girl likes to be crossed a little in love now and then. It is something to think of, and it gives her a sort of distinction among her companions. When is your turn to come ? You will hardly bear to be long outdone by  'Jimmy Li'. Now is your time. Here are officers enough in  'Darius Bacon' to disappoint all the young ladies in the country.  'Alex Clemmer' be _your_ man. He is a pleasant fellow, and would jilt you creditably. '' `` Thank you, sir, but a less agreeable man would satisfy me. We must not all expect  'Jimmy Li' 's good fortune. '' `` True, '' said  'Alex Skryl', `` but it is a comfort to think that whatever of that kind may befall you, you have an affectionate mother who will make the most of it. ''  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' 's society was of material service in dispelling the gloom which the late perverse occurrences had thrown on many of the  'Alyssa Carter' family. They saw him often, and to his other recommendations was now added that of general unreserve. The whole of what  'Daniel Schobel' had already heard, his claims on  'Kenya Stewart', and all that he had suffered from him, was now openly acknowledged and publicly canvassed; and everybody was pleased to know how much they had always disliked  'Kenya Stewart' before they had known anything of the matter.  'Jorge Izquierdo' was the only creature who could suppose there might be any extenuating circumstances in the case, unknown to the society of  'J.J. (Joel) Fliegelman'; her mild and steady candour always pleaded for allowances, and urged the possibility of mistakes -- but by everybody else  'Kenya Stewart' was condemned as the worst of men. Chapter 25 After a week spent in professions of love and schemes of felicity,  'Crista Lopes' was called from his amiable  'Alex Alekseyev' by the arrival of Saturday. The pain of separation, however, might be alleviated on his side, by preparations for the reception of his bride; as he had reason to hope, that shortly after his return into  'J.J. (Joel) Fliegelman', the day would be fixed that was to make him the happiest of men. He took leave of his relations at  'Alyssa Carter' with as much solemnity as before; wished his fair cousins health and happiness again, and promised their father another letter of thanks. On the following Monday, Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' had the pleasure of receiving her brother and his wife, who came as usual to spend the Christmas at  'Alyssa Carter'.  'Casey Rodarmor' was a sensible, gentlemanlike man, greatly superior to his sister, as well by nature as education. The  'Kuan Butts' ladies would have had difficulty in believing that a man who lived by trade, and within view of his own warehouses, could have been so well-bred and agreeable. Mrs.  'Cody Duval', who was several years younger than Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' and Mrs.  'Sarah Kuehnle', was an amiable, intelligent, elegant woman, and a great favourite with all her  'Alyssa Carter' nieces. Between the two eldest and herself especially, there subsisted a particular regard. They had frequently been staying with her in town. The first part of Mrs.  'Cody Duval' 's business on her arrival was to distribute her presents and describe the newest fashions. When this was done she had a less active part to play. It became her turn to listen. Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' had many grievances to relate, and much to complain of. They had all been very ill-used since she last saw her sister. Two of her girls had been upon the point of marriage, and after all there was nothing in it. `` I do not blame  'Jimmy Li', '' she continued, `` for  'Jimmy Li' would have got  'Simon Weber' if she could. But  'Sharell Bryant' ! Oh, sister ! It is very hard to think that she might have been  'Crista Lopes' 's wife by this time, had it not been for her own perverseness. He made her an offer in this very room, and she refused him. The consequence of it is, that  'Romy Hong' will have a daughter married before I have, and that the  'Alyssa Carter' estate is just as much entailed as ever. The Lucases are very artful people indeed, sister. They are all for what they can get. I am sorry to say it of them, but so it is. It makes me very nervous and poorly, to be thwarted so in my own family, and to have neighbours who think of themselves before anybody else. However, your coming just at this time is the greatest of comforts, and I am very glad to hear what you tell us, of long sleeves. '' Mrs.  'Cody Duval', to whom the chief of this news had been given before, in the course of  'Jimmy Li' and  'Daniel Schobel' 's correspondence with her, made her sister a slight answer, and, in compassion to her nieces, turned the conversation. When alone with  'Daniel Schobel' afterwards, she spoke more on the subject. `` It seems likely to have been a desirable match for  'Jimmy Li', '' said she. `` I am sorry it went off. But these things happen so often ! A young man, such as you describe  'Simon Weber', so easily falls in love with a pretty girl for a few weeks, and when accident separates them, so easily forgets her, that these sort of inconsistencies are very frequent. '' `` An excellent consolation in its way, '' said  'Daniel Schobel', `` but it will not do for _us_. We do not suffer by _accident_. It does not often happen that the interference of friends will persuade a young man of independent fortune to think no more of a girl whom he was violently in love with only a few days before. '' `` But that expression of 'violently in love ' is so hackneyed, so doubtful, so indefinite, that it gives me very little idea. It is as often applied to feelings which arise from a half-hour 's acquaintance, as to a real, strong attachment.  'Bill Ramsey', how _violent was_  'Mary Mokuolu' love ? '' `` I never saw a more promising inclination; he was growing quite inattentive to other people, and wholly engrossed by her. Every time they met, it was more decided and remarkable. At his own ball he offended two or three young ladies, by not asking them to dance; and I spoke to him twice myself, without receiving an answer. Could there be finer symptoms ? Is not general incivility the very essence of love ? '' `` Oh, yes ! -- of that kind of love which I suppose him to have felt.  'Alex Rudnick' ! I am sorry for her, because, with her disposition, she may not get over it immediately. It had better have happened to _you_,  'Sharell Bryant'; you would have laughed yourself out of it sooner. But do you think she would be prevailed upon to go back with us ? Change of scene might be of service -- and perhaps a little relief from home may be as useful as anything. ''  'Daniel Schobel' was exceedingly pleased with this proposal, and felt persuaded of her sister 's ready acquiescence. `` I hope, '' added Mrs.  'Cody Duval', `` that no consideration with regard to this young man will influence her. We live in so different a part of town, all our connections are so different, and, as you well know, we go out so little, that it is very improbable that they should meet at all, unless he really comes to see her. '' `` And _that_ is quite impossible; for he is now in the custody of his friend, and  'Kenya Stewart' would no more suffer him to call on  'Jimmy Li' in such a part of London ! My dear aunt, how could you think of it ?  'Kenya Stewart' may perhaps have _heard_ of such a place as Gracechurch Street, but he would hardly think a month 's ablution enough to cleanse him from its impurities, were he once to enter it; and depend upon it,  'Simon Weber' never stirs without him. '' `` So much the better. I hope they will not meet at all. But does not  'Jimmy Li' correspond with his sister ?  'Cerek Hillen' will not be able to help calling. '' `` She will drop the acquaintance entirely. '' But in spite of the certainty in which  'Daniel Schobel' affected to place this point, as well as the still more interesting one of  'Nathan Michalov' 's being withheld from seeing  'Jimmy Li', she felt a solicitude on the subject which convinced her, on examination, that she did not consider it entirely hopeless. It was possible, and sometimes she thought it probable, that his affection might be reanimated, and the influence of his friends successfully combated by the more natural influence of Jane's attractions.  'Jorge Izquierdo' accepted her aunt 's invitation with pleasure; and the Bingleys were no otherwise in her thoughts at the same time, than as she hoped by  'James A. Keene' 's not living in the same house with her brother, she might occasionally spend a morning with her, without any danger of seeing him. The Gardiners stayed a week at  'Alyssa Carter'; and what with the Phillipses, the Lucases, and the officers, there was not a day without its engagement. Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque' had so carefully provided for the entertainment of her brother and sister, that they did not once sit down to a family dinner. When the engagement was for home, some of the officers always made part of it -- of which officers  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' was sure to be one; and on these occasions, Mrs.  'Cody Duval', rendered suspicious by Elizabeth's warm commendation, narrowly observed them both. Without supposing them, from what she saw, to be very seriously in love, their preference of each other was plain enough to make her a little uneasy; and she resolved to speak to  'Daniel Schobel' on the subject before she left  'J.J. (Joel) Fliegelman', and represent to her the imprudence of encouraging such an attachment. To Mrs.  'Cody Duval',  'Jacob Kaplan-Moss' had one means of affording pleasure, unconnected with his general powers. About ten or a dozen years ago, before her marriage, she had spent a considerable time in that very part of Derbyshire to which he belonged. They had, therefore, many acquaintances in common; and though  'Jacob Kaplan-Moss' had been little there since the death of  'Nava Balsam' 's father, it was yet in his power to give her fresher intelligence of her former friends than she had been in the way of procuring. Mrs.  'Cody Duval' had seen  'Ceri Stagg', and known the late  'Kenya Stewart' by character perfectly well. Here consequently was an inexhaustible subject of discourse. In comparing her recollection of  'Ceri Stagg' with the minute description which  'Jacob Kaplan-Moss' could give, and in bestowing her tribute of praise on the character of its late possessor, she was delighting both him and herself. On being made acquainted with the present  'Amandine Lee' Darcy's treatment of him, she tried to remember some of that gentleman's reputed disposition when quite a lad which might agree with it, and was confident at last that she recollected having heard  'Leta Montopoli' formerly spoken of as a very proud, ill-natured boy. Chapter 26 Mrs.  'Cody Duval' 's caution to  'Daniel Schobel' was punctually and kindly given on the first favourable opportunity of speaking to her alone; after honestly telling her what she thought, she thus went on : '' You are too sensible a girl,  'Sharell Bryant', to fall in love merely because you are warned against it; and, therefore, I am not afraid of speaking openly. Seriously, I would have you be on your guard. Do not involve yourself or endeavour to involve him in an affection which the want of fortune would make so very imprudent. I have nothing to say against _him_; he is a most interesting young man; and if he had the fortune he ought to have, I should think you could not do better. But as it is, you must not let your fancy run away with you. You have sense, and we all expect you to use it. Your father would depend on _your_ resolution and good conduct, I am sure. You must not disappoint your father. '' `` My dear aunt, this is being serious indeed. '' `` Yes, and I hope to engage you to be serious likewise. '' `` Well, then, you need not be under any alarm. I will take care of myself, and of  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' too. He shall not be in love with me, if I can prevent it. '' ``  'Daniel Schobel', you are not serious now. '' `` I beg your pardon, I will try again. At present I am not in love with  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro'; no, I certainly am not. But he is, beyond all comparison, the most agreeable man I ever saw -- and if he becomes really attached to me -- I believe it will be better that he should not. I see the imprudence of it. Oh ! _that_ abominable  'Kenya Stewart' ! My father 's opinion of me does me the greatest honour, and I should be miserable to forfeit it. My father, however, is partial to  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro'. In short, my dear aunt, I should be very sorry to be the means of making any of you unhappy; but since we see every day that where there is affection, young people are seldom withheld by immediate want of fortune from entering into engagements with each other, how can I promise to be wiser than so many of my fellow-creatures if I am tempted, or how am I even to know that it would be wisdom to resist ? All that I can promise you, therefore, is not to be in a hurry. I will not be in a hurry to believe myself his first object. When I am in company with him, I will not be wishing. In short, I will do my best. '' `` Perhaps it will be as well if you discourage his coming here so very often. At least, you should not _remind_ your mother of inviting him. '' `` As I did the other day, '' said  'Daniel Schobel' with a conscious smile : `` very true, it will be wise in me to refrain from _that_. But do not imagine that he is always here so often. It is on your account that he has been so frequently invited this week. You know my mother 's ideas as to the necessity of constant company for her friends. But really, and upon my honour, I will try to do what I think to be the wisest; and now I hope you are satisfied. ''  'Rebecca Langer' aunt assured her that she was, and  'Daniel Schobel' having thanked her for the kindness of her hints, they parted; a wonderful instance of advice being given on such a point, without being resented.  'Crista Lopes' returned into  'J.J. (Joel) Fliegelman' soon after it had been quitted by the Gardiners and  'Jimmy Li'; but as he took up his abode with the Lucases, his arrival was no great inconvenience to Mrs.  'Xavier Antoviaque'. His marriage was now fast approaching, and she was at length so far resigned as to think it inevitable, and even repeatedly to say, in an ill-natured tone, that she `` _wished_ they might be happy. '' Thursday was to be the wedding day, and on Wednesday  'Austin Guest'  'Einas Haddad' paid her farewell visit; and when she rose to take leave,  'Daniel Schobel', ashamed of her mother 's ungracious and reluctant good wishes, and sincerely affected herself, accompanied her out of the room. As they went downstairs together,  'Alex Alekseyev' said : '' I shall depend on hearing from you very often,  'Mel Chua'. '' ``  'Eric Romano' you certainly shall. '' `` And I have another favour to ask you. Will you come and see me ? '' `` We shall often meet, I hope, in  'J.J. (Joel) Fliegelman'. '' `` I am not likely to leave  'Alan Wang' for some time. Promise me, therefore, to come to Hunsford. ''  'Daniel Schobel' could not refuse, though she foresaw little pleasure in the visit. `` My father and  'Allie Jones' are coming to me in  'Sunil Abraham', '' added  'Alex Alekseyev', `` and I hope you will consent to be of the party. Indeed,  'Mel Chua', you will be as welcome as either of them. '' The wedding took place; the bride and bridegroom set off for  'Alan Wang' from the church door, and everybody had as much to say, or to hear, on the subject as usual.  'Daniel Schobel' soon heard from her friend; and their correspondence was as regular and frequent as it had ever been; that it should be equally unreserved was impossible.  'Daniel Schobel' could never address her without feeling that all the comfort of intimacy was over, and though determined not to slacken as a correspondent, it was for the sake of what had been, rather than what was.  'Alex Alekseyev' 's first letters were received with a good deal of eagerness; there could not but be curiosity to know how she would speak of her new home, how she would like  'Bhushan Lodha', and how happy she would dare pronounce herself to be; though, when the letters were read,  'Daniel Schobel' felt that  'Alex Alekseyev' expressed herself on every point exactly as she might have foreseen. She wrote cheerfully, seemed surrounded with comforts, and mentioned nothing which she could not praise. The house, furniture, neighbourhood, and roads, were all to her taste, and  'Bhushan Lodha' 's behaviour was most friendly and obliging. It was  'Crista Lopes' 's picture of Hunsford and  'Margo Kulkarni' rationally softened; and  'Daniel Schobel' perceived that she must wait for her own visit there to know the rest.  'Jimmy Li' had already written a few lines to her sister to announce their safe arrival in London; and when she wrote again,  'Daniel Schobel' hoped it would be in her power to say something of the Bingleys.  'Rebecca Langer' impatience for this second letter was as well rewarded as impatience generally is.  'Jimmy Li' had been a week in town without either seeing or hearing from  'James A. Keene'. She accounted for it, however, by supposing that her last letter to her friend from  'Alyssa Carter' had by some accident been lost. `` My aunt, '' she continued, `` is going to-morrow into that part of the town, and I shall take the opportunity of calling in Grosvenor Street. '' She wrote again when the visit was paid, and she had seen  'Greg Hendershott'. `` I did not think  'James A. Keene' in spirits, '' were her words, `` but she was very glad to see me, and reproached me for giving her no notice of my coming to London. I was right, therefore, my last letter had never reached her. I inquired after their brother, of course. He was well, but so much engaged with  'Kenya Stewart' that they scarcely ever saw him. I found that  'Thomas Lahr' was expected to dinner. I wish I could see her. My visit was not long, as  'James A. Keene' and Mrs.  'Jennifer Clark' were going out. I dare say I shall see them soon here. ''  'Daniel Schobel' shook her head over this letter. It convinced her that accident only could discover to  'Simon Weber' her sister 's being in town. Four weeks passed away, and  'Jimmy Li' saw nothing of him. She endeavoured to persuade herself that she did not regret it; but she could no longer be blind to  'Greg Hendershott' 's inattention. After waiting at home every morning for a fortnight, and inventing every evening a fresh excuse for her, the visitor did at last appear; but the shortness of her stay, and yet more, the alteration of her manner would allow  'Jimmy Li' to deceive herself no longer. The letter which she wrote on this occasion to her sister will prove what she felt. `` My dearest  'Sharell Bryant' will, I am sure, be incapable of triumphing in her better judgement, at my expense, when I confess myself to have been entirely deceived in  'Austin Guest'  'Nathan Michalov' 's regard for me. But, my dear sister, though the event has proved you right, do not think me obstinate if I still assert that, considering what her behaviour was, my confidence was as natural as your suspicion. I do not at all comprehend her reason for wishing to be intimate with me; but if the same circumstances were to happen again, I am sure I should be deceived again.  'James A. Keene' did not return my visit till yesterday; and not a note, not a line, did I receive in the meantime. When she did come, it was very evident that she had no pleasure in it; she made a slight, formal apology, for not calling before, said not a word of wishing to see me again, and was in every respect so altered a creature, that when she went away I was perfectly resolved to continue the acquaintance no longer. I pity, though I can not help blaming her. She was very wrong in singling me out as she did; I can safely say that every advance to intimacy began on her side. But I pity her, because she must feel that she has been acting wrong, and because I am very sure that anxiety for her brother is the cause of it. I need not explain myself farther; and though _we_ know this anxiety to be quite needless, yet if she feels it, it will easily account for her behaviour to me; and so deservedly dear as he is to his sister, whatever anxiety she must feel on his behalf is natural and amiable. I can not but wonder, however, at her having any such fears now, because, if he had at all cared about me, we must have met, long ago. He knows of my being in town, I am certain, from something she said herself; and yet it would seem, by her manner of talking, as if she wanted to persuade herself that he is really partial to  'Thomas Lahr'. I can not understand it. If I were not afraid of judging harshly, I should be almost tempted to say that there is a strong appearance of duplicity in all this. But I will endeavour to banish every painful thought, and think only of what will make me happy -- your affection, and the invariable kindness of my dear uncle and aunt.  'Nina Zakarenko' me hear from you very soon.  'Greg Hendershott' said something of his never returning to  'Kuan Butts' again, of giving up the house, but not with any certainty. We had better not mention it. I am extremely glad that you have such pleasant accounts from our friends at Hunsford.  'Bill Ramsey' go to see them, with  'Sebastian Bauersfeld' and  'Allie Jones'. I am sure you will be very comfortable there. -- Yours, etc. '' This letter gave  'Daniel Schobel' some pain; but her spirits returned as she considered that  'Jimmy Li' would no longer be duped, by the sister at least. All expectation from the brother was now absolutely over. She would not even wish for a renewal of his attentions. His character sunk on every review of it; and as a punishment for him, as well as a possible advantage to  'Jimmy Li', she seriously hoped he might really soon marry  'Kenya Stewart' 's sister, as by  'Jacob Kaplan-Moss' 's account, she would make him abundantly regret what he had thrown away. Mrs.  'Cody Duval' about this time reminded  'Daniel Schobel' of her promise concerning that gentleman, and required information; and  'Daniel Schobel' had such to send as might rather give contentment to her aunt than to herself. His apparent partiality had subsided, his attentions were over, he was the admirer of some one else.  'Daniel Schobel' was watchful enough to see it all, but she could see it and write of it without material pain.  'Rebecca Langer' heart had been but slightly touched, and her vanity was satisfied with believing that _she_ would have been his only choice, had fortune permitted it. The sudden acquisition of ten thousand pounds was the most remarkable charm of the young lady to whom he was now rendering himself agreeable; but  'Daniel Schobel', less clear-sighted perhaps in this case than in  'Alex Alekseyev' 's, did not quarrel with him for his wish of independence. Nothing, on the contrary, could be more natural; and while able to suppose that it cost him a few struggles to relinquish her, she was ready to allow it a wise and desirable measure for both, and could very sincerely wish him happy. All this was acknowledged to Mrs.  'Cody Duval'; and after relating the circumstances, she thus went on : `` I am now convinced, my dear aunt, that I have never been much in love; for had I really experienced that pure and elevating passion, I should at present detest his very name, and wish him all manner of evil. But my feelings are not only cordial towards _him_; they are even impartial towards  'David Karapetyan'. I can not find out that I hate her at all, or that I am in the least unwilling to think her a very good sort of girl. There can be no love in all this. My watchfulness has been effectual; and though I certainly should be a more interesting object to all my acquaintances were I distractedly in love with him, I can not say that I regret my comparative insignificance. Importance may sometimes be purchased too dearly.  'Alisa Palson' and  'Willson Mock' take his defection much more to heart than I do. They are young in the ways of the world, and not yet open to the mortifying conviction that handsome young men must have something to live on as well as the plain. '' Chapter 27 With no greater events than these in the  'Alyssa Carter' family, and otherwise diversified by little beyond the walks to  'Darius Bacon', sometimes dirty and sometimes cold, did January and February pass away.  'Sunil Abraham' was to take  'Daniel Schobel' to Hunsford. She had not at first thought very seriously of going thither; but  'Alex Alekseyev', she soon found, was depending on the plan and she gradually learned to consider it herself with greater pleasure as well as greater certainty.  'Six Silberman' had increased her desire of seeing  'Alex Alekseyev' again, and weakened her disgust of  'Crista Lopes'. There was novelty in the scheme, and as, with such a mother and such uncompanionable sisters, home could not be faultless, a little change was not unwelcome for its own sake. The journey would moreover give her a peep at  'Jimmy Li'; and, in short, as the time drew near, she would have been very sorry for any delay. Everything, however, went on smoothly, and was finally settled according to  'Alex Alekseyev' 's first sketch. She was to accompany  'Sebastian Bauersfeld' and his second daughter. The improvement of spending a night in London was added in time, and the plan became perfect as plan could be. The only pain was in leaving her father, who would certainly miss her, and who, when it came to the point, so little liked her going, that he told her to write to him, and almost promised to answer her letter. The farewell between herself and  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' was perfectly friendly; on his side even more. His present pursuit could not make him forget that  'Daniel Schobel' had been the first to excite and to deserve his attention, the first to listen and to pity, the first to be admired; and in his manner of bidding her adieu, wishing her every enjoyment, reminding her of what she was to expect in  'Bhushan Lodha' de  'Timnit Gebru', and trusting their opinion of her -- their opinion of everybody -- would always coincide, there was a solicitude, an interest which she felt must ever attach her to him with a most sincere regard; and she parted from him convinced that, whether married or single, he must always be her model of the amiable and pleasing.  'Rebecca Langer' fellow-travellers the next day were not of a kind to make her think him less agreeable.  'Colin Marc', and his daughter  'Allie Jones', a good-humoured girl, but as empty-headed as himself, had nothing to say that could be worth hearing, and were listened to with about as much delight as the rattle of the chaise.  'Daniel Schobel' loved absurdities, but she had known  'Sebastian Bauersfeld' 's too long. He could tell her nothing new of the wonders of his presentation and knighthood; and his civilities were worn out, like his information. It was a journey of only twenty-four miles, and they began it so early as to be in Gracechurch Street by noon. As they drove to  'Amandine Lee' Gardiner's door,  'Jimmy Li' was at a drawing-room window watching their arrival; when they entered the passage she was there to welcome them, and  'Daniel Schobel', looking earnestly in her face, was pleased to see it healthful and lovely as ever. On the stairs were a troop of little boys and girls, whose eagerness for their cousin 's appearance would not allow them to wait in the drawing-room, and whose shyness, as they had not seen her for a twelvemonth, prevented their coming lower. All was joy and kindness. The day passed most pleasantly away; the morning in bustle and shopping, and the evening at one of the theatres.  'Daniel Schobel' then contrived to sit by her aunt. Their first object was her sister; and she was more grieved than astonished to hear, in reply to her minute inquiries, that though  'Jimmy Li' always struggled to support her spirits, there were periods of dejection. It was reasonable, however, to hope that they would not continue long. Mrs.  'Cody Duval' gave her the particulars also of  'Greg Hendershott' 's visit in Gracechurch Street, and repeated conversations occurring at different times between  'Jimmy Li' and herself, which proved that the former had, from her heart, given up the acquaintance. Mrs.  'Cody Duval' then rallied her niece on  'Jacob Kaplan-Moss' 's desertion, and complimented her on bearing it so well. `` But my dear  'Daniel Schobel', '' she added, `` what sort of girl is  'David Karapetyan' ? I should be sorry to think our friend mercenary. '' ``  'Bill Ramsey', my dear aunt, what is the difference in matrimonial affairs, between the mercenary and the prudent motive ? Where does discretion end, and avarice begin ? Last Christmas you were afraid of his marrying me, because it would be imprudent; and now, because he is trying to get a girl with only ten thousand pounds, you want to find out that he is mercenary. '' `` If you will only tell me what sort of girl  'David Karapetyan' is, I shall know what to think. '' `` She is a very good kind of girl, I believe. I know no harm of her. '' `` But he paid her not the smallest attention till her grandfather 's death made her mistress of this fortune. '' `` No -- why should he ? If it were not allowable for him to gain _my_ affections because I had no money, what occasion could there be for making love to a girl whom he did not care about, and who was equally poor ? '' `` But there seems an indelicacy in directing his attentions towards her so soon after this event. '' `` A man in distressed circumstances has not time for all those elegant decorums which other people may observe. If _she_ does not object to it, why should _we_ ? '' ``  'Nick Bergson-Shilcock' not objecting does not justify _him_. It only shows her being deficient in something herself -- sense or feeling. '' `` Well, '' cried  'Daniel Schobel', `` have it as you choose.  'Paul-Jean Letourneau' shall be mercenary, and _she_ shall be foolish. '' `` No,  'Sharell Bryant', that is what I do _not_ choose. I should be sorry, you know, to think ill of a young man who has lived so long in Derbyshire. '' `` Oh ! if that is all, I have a very poor opinion of young men who live in Derbyshire; and their intimate friends who live in  'J.J. (Joel) Fliegelman' are not much better. I am sick of them all.  'Kate Murphy' ! I am going to-morrow where I shall find a man who has not one agreeable quality, who has neither manner nor sense to recommend him. Stupid men are the only ones worth knowing, after all. '' `` Take care,  'Sharell Bryant'; that speech savours strongly of disappointment. '' Before they were separated by the conclusion of the play, she had the unexpected happiness of an invitation to accompany her uncle and aunt in a tour of pleasure which they proposed taking in the summer. `` We have not determined how far it shall carry us, '' said Mrs.  'Cody Duval', '' but, perhaps, to the  'Lea Albaugh'. '' No scheme could have been more agreeable to  'Daniel Schobel', and her acceptance of the invitation was most ready and grateful. `` Oh, my dear, dear aunt, '' she rapturously cried, `` what delight ! what felicity ! You give me fresh life and vigour.  'Alan Cohen' to disappointment and spleen. What are young men to rocks and mountains ? Oh ! what hours of transport we shall spend ! And when we _do_ return, it shall not be like other travellers, without being able to give one accurate idea of anything. We _will_ know where we have gone -- we _will_ recollect what we have seen.  'Lea Albaugh', mountains, and rivers shall not be jumbled together in our imaginations; nor when we attempt to describe any particular scene, will we begin quarreling about its relative situation.  'Nina Zakarenko' _our_ first effusions be less insupportable than those of the generality of travellers. '' Chapter 28 Every object in the next day 's journey was new and interesting to  'Daniel Schobel'; and her spirits were in a state of enjoyment; for she had seen her sister looking so well as to banish all fear for her health, and the prospect of her northern tour was a constant source of delight. When they left the high road for the lane to Hunsford, every eye was in search of the Parsonage, and every turning expected to bring it in view. The palings of  'Carlos De la Guardia' was their boundary on one side.  'Daniel Schobel' smiled at the recollection of all that she had heard of its inhabitants. At length the Parsonage was discernible. The garden sloping to the road, the house standing in it, the green pales, and the laurel hedge, everything declared they were arriving.  'Crista Lopes' and  'Alex Alekseyev' appeared at the door, and the carriage stopped at the small gate which led by a short gravel walk to the house, amidst the nods and smiles of the whole party. In a moment they were all out of the chaise, rejoicing at the sight of each other. Mrs.  'Nicholas D. Sweeting' welcomed her friend with the liveliest pleasure, and  'Daniel Schobel' was more and more satisfied with coming when she found herself so affectionately received. She saw instantly that her cousin 's manners were not altered by his marriage; his formal civility was just what it had been, and he detained her some minutes at the gate to hear and satisfy his inquiries after all her family. They were then, with no other delay than his pointing out the neatness of the entrance, taken into the house; and as soon as they were in the parlour, he welcomed them a second time, with ostentatious formality to his humble abode, and punctually repeated all his wife's offers of refreshment.  'Daniel Schobel' was prepared to see him in his glory; and she could not help in fancying that in displaying the good proportion of the room, its aspect and its furniture, he addressed himself particularly to her, as if wishing to make her feel what she had lost in refusing him. But though everything seemed neat and comfortable, she was not able to gratify him by any sigh of repentance, and rather looked with wonder at her friend that she could have so cheerful an air with such a companion. When  'Crista Lopes' said anything of which his wife might reasonably be ashamed, which certainly was not unseldom, she involuntarily turned her eye on  'Alex Alekseyev'. Once or twice she could discern a faint blush; but in general  'Alex Alekseyev' wisely did not hear. After sitting long enough to admire every article of furniture in the room, from the sideboard to the fender, to give an account of their journey, and of all that had happened in London,  'Crista Lopes' invited them to take a stroll in the garden, which was large and well laid out, and to the cultivation of which he attended himself. To work in this garden was one of his most respectable pleasures; and  'Daniel Schobel' admired the command of countenance with which  'Alex Alekseyev' talked of the healthfulness of the exercise, and owned she encouraged it as much as possible. Here, leading the way through every walk and cross walk, and scarcely allowing them an interval to utter the praises he asked for, every view was pointed out with a minuteness which left beauty entirely behind. He could number the fields in every direction, and could tell how many trees there were in the most distant clump. But of all the views which his garden, or which the country or kingdom could boast, none were to be compared with the prospect of  'Margo Kulkarni', afforded by an opening in the trees that bordered the park nearly opposite the front of his house. It was a handsome modern building, well situated on rising ground. From his garden,  'Crista Lopes' would have led them round his two meadows; but the ladies, not having shoes to encounter the remains of a white frost, turned back; and while  'Sebastian Bauersfeld' accompanied him,  'Alex Alekseyev' took her sister and friend over the house, extremely well pleased, probably, to have the opportunity of showing it without her husband's help. It was rather small, but well built and convenient; and everything was fitted up and arranged with a neatness and consistency of which  'Daniel Schobel' gave  'Alex Alekseyev' all the credit. When  'Crista Lopes' could be forgotten, there was really an air of great comfort throughout, and by  'Alex Alekseyev' 's evident enjoyment of it,  'Daniel Schobel' supposed he must be often forgotten. She had already learnt that  'Bhushan Lodha' was still in the country. It was spoken of again while they were at dinner, when  'Crista Lopes' joining in, observed : '' Yes,  'Jay Weisskopf', you will have the honour of seeing  'Bhushan Lodha' de  'Timnit Gebru' on the ensuing Sunday at church, and I need not say you will be delighted with her. She is all affability and condescension, and I doubt not but you will be honoured with some portion of her notice when service is over. I have scarcely any hesitation in saying she will include you and my sister  'Allie Jones' in every invitation with which she honours us during your stay here.  'Rebecca Langer' behaviour to my dear  'Alex Alekseyev' is charming. We dine at  'Margo Kulkarni' twice every week, and are never allowed to walk home.  'Rebecca Langer' ladyship 's carriage is regularly ordered for us. I _should_ say, one of her ladyship 's carriages, for she has several. '' ``  'Bhushan Lodha' is a very respectable, sensible woman indeed, '' added  'Alex Alekseyev', `` and a most attentive neighbour. '' ``  'Holger Sindbaek' true, my dear, that is exactly what I say. She is the sort of woman whom one can not regard with too much deference. '' The evening was spent chiefly in talking over  'J.J. (Joel) Fliegelman' news, and telling again what had already been written; and when it closed,  'Daniel Schobel', in the solitude of her chamber, had to meditate upon  'Alex Alekseyev' 's degree of contentment, to understand her address in guiding, and composure in bearing with, her husband, and to acknowledge that it was all done very well. She had also to anticipate how her visit would pass, the quiet tenor of their usual employments, the vexatious interruptions of  'Crista Lopes', and the gaieties of their intercourse with  'Margo Kulkarni'. A lively imagination soon settled it all. About the middle of the next day, as she was in her room getting ready for a walk, a sudden noise below seemed to speak the whole house in confusion; and, after listening a moment, she heard somebody running up stairs in a violent hurry, and calling loudly after her. She opened the door and met  'Allie Jones' in the landing place, who, breathless with agitation, cried out -- '' Oh, my dear  'Mel Chua' ! pray make haste and come into the dining-room, for there is such a sight to be seen ! I will not tell you what it is.  'Sulaiman Alkhaled' haste, and come down this moment. ''  'Daniel Schobel' asked questions in vain;  'Allie Jones' would tell her nothing more, and down they ran into the dining-room, which fronted the lane, in quest of this wonder; It was two ladies stopping in a low phaeton at the garden gate. `` And is this all ? '' cried  'Daniel Schobel'. `` I expected at least that the pigs were got into the garden, and here is nothing but  'Bhushan Lodha' and her daughter. '' `` La ! my dear, '' said  'Allie Jones', quite shocked at the mistake, `` it is not  'Bhushan Lodha'. The old lady is Mrs.  'Derek Bikoff', who lives with them; the other is  'Austin Guest' de  'Timnit Gebru'. Only look at her. She is quite a little creature. Who would have thought that she could be so thin and small ? '' `` She is abominably rude to keep  'Alex Alekseyev' out of doors in all this wind. Why does she not come in ? '' `` Oh,  'Alex Alekseyev' says she hardly ever does. It is the greatest of favours when  'Austin Guest' de  'Timnit Gebru' comes in. '' `` I like her appearance, '' said  'Daniel Schobel', struck with other ideas. `` She looks sickly and cross. Yes, she will do for him very well. She will make him a very proper wife. ''  'Crista Lopes' and  'Alex Alekseyev' were both standing at the gate in conversation with the ladies; and  'Sebastian Bauersfeld', to  'Daniel Schobel' 's high diversion, was stationed in the doorway, in earnest contemplation of the greatness before him, and constantly bowing whenever  'Austin Guest' de  'Timnit Gebru' looked that way. At length there was nothing more to be said; the ladies drove on, and the others returned into the house.  'Crista Lopes' no sooner saw the two girls than he began to congratulate them on their good fortune, which  'Alex Alekseyev' explained by letting them know that the whole party was asked to dine at  'Margo Kulkarni' the next day. Chapter 29  'Crista Lopes' 's triumph, in consequence of this invitation, was complete. The power of displaying the grandeur of his patroness to his wondering visitors, and of letting them see her civility towards himself and his wife, was exactly what he had wished for; and that an opportunity of doing it should be given so soon, was such an instance of  'Bhushan Lodha' 's condescension, as he knew not how to admire enough. `` I confess, '' said he, `` that I should not have been at all surprised by her ladyship 's asking us on Sunday to drink tea and spend the evening at  'Margo Kulkarni'. I rather expected, from my knowledge of her affability, that it would happen. But who could have foreseen such an attention as this ? Who could have imagined that we should receive an invitation to dine there ( an invitation, moreover, including the whole party ) so immediately after your arrival ! '' `` I am the less surprised at what has happened, '' replied  'Sebastian Bauersfeld', '' from that knowledge of what the manners of the great really are, which my situation in life has allowed me to acquire. About the court, such instances of elegant breeding are not uncommon. '' Scarcely anything was talked of the whole day or next morning but their visit to  'Margo Kulkarni'.  'Crista Lopes' was carefully instructing them in what they were to expect, that the sight of such rooms, so many servants, and so splendid a dinner, might not wholly overpower them. When the ladies were separating for the toilette, he said to  'Daniel Schobel' -- '' Do not make yourself uneasy, my dear cousin, about your apparel.  'Bhushan Lodha' is far from requiring that elegance of dress in us which becomes herself and her daughter. I would advise you merely to put on whatever of your clothes is superior to the rest -- there is no occasion for anything more.  'Bhushan Lodha' will not think the worse of you for being simply dressed. She likes to have the distinction of rank preserved. '' While they were dressing, he came two or three times to their different doors, to recommend their being quick, as  'Bhushan Lodha' very much objected to be kept waiting for her dinner.  'Senthil Arivudainambi' formidable accounts of her ladyship, and her manner of living, quite frightened  'Patricia Castellanos' who had been little used to company, and she looked forward to her introduction at  'Margo Kulkarni' with as much apprehension as her father had done to his presentation at St. James 's. As the weather was fine, they had a pleasant walk of about half a mile across the park. Every park has its beauty and its prospects; and  'Daniel Schobel' saw much to be pleased with, though she could not be in such raptures as  'Crista Lopes' expected the scene to inspire, and was but slightly affected by his enumeration of the windows in front of the house, and his relation of what the glazing altogether had originally cost  'Russell Smith' de  'Timnit Gebru'. When they ascended the steps to the hall,  'Allie Jones' 's alarm was every moment increasing, and even  'Sebastian Bauersfeld' did not look perfectly calm.  'Daniel Schobel' 's courage did not fail her. She had heard nothing of  'Bhushan Lodha' that spoke her awful from any extraordinary talents or miraculous virtue, and the mere stateliness of money or rank she thought she could witness without trepidation. From the entrance-hall, of which  'Crista Lopes' pointed out, with a rapturous air, the fine proportion and the finished ornaments, they followed the servants through an ante-chamber, to the room where  'Bhushan Lodha', her daughter, and Mrs.  'Derek Bikoff' were sitting.  'Rebecca Langer' ladyship, with great condescension, arose to receive them; and as Mrs.  'Nicholas D. Sweeting' had settled it with her husband that the office of introduction should be hers, it was performed in a proper manner, without any of those apologies and thanks which he would have thought necessary. In spite of having been at St. James 's  'Sebastian Bauersfeld' was so completely awed by the grandeur surrounding him, that he had but just courage enough to make a very low bow, and take his seat without saying a word; and his daughter, frightened almost out of her senses, sat on the edge of her chair, not knowing which way to look.  'Daniel Schobel' found herself quite equal to the scene, and could observe the three ladies before her composedly.  'Bhushan Lodha' was a tall, large woman, with strongly-marked features, which might once have been handsome.  'Rebecca Langer' air was not conciliating, nor was her manner of receiving them such as to make her visitors forget their inferior rank. She was not rendered formidable by silence; but whatever she said was spoken in so authoritative a tone, as marked her self-importance, and brought  'Estevo U. Caamanho Castro' immediately to  'Daniel Schobel' 's mind; and from the observation of the day altogether, she believed  'Bhushan Lodha' to be exactly what he represented. When, after examining the mother, in whose countenance and deportment she soon found some resemblance of  'Kenya Stewart', she turned her eyes on the daughter, she could almost have joined in  'Allie Jones' 's astonishment at her being so thin and so small. There was neither in figure nor face any likeness between the ladies.  'Austin Guest' de  'Timnit Gebru' was pale and sickly; her features, though not plain, were insignificant; and she spoke very little, except in a low voice, to Mrs.  'Derek Bikoff', in whose appearance there was nothing remarkable, and who was entirely engaged in listening to what she said, and placing a screen in the proper direction before her eyes. After sitting a few minutes, they were all sent to one of the windows to admire the view,  'Crista Lopes' attending them to point out its beauties, and  'Bhushan Lodha' kindly informing them that it was much better worth looking at in the summer. The dinner was exceedingly handsome, and there were all the servants and all the articles of plate which  'Crista Lopes' had promised; and, as he had likewise foretold, he took his seat at the bottom of the table, by her ladyship 's desire, and looked as if he felt that life could furnish nothing greater. He carved, and ate, and praised with delighted alacrity; and every dish was commended, first by him and then by  'Sebastian Bauersfeld', who was now enough recovered to echo whatever his son-in-law said, in a manner which  'Daniel Schobel' wondered  'Bhushan Lodha' could bear. But  'Bhushan Lodha' seemed gratified by their excessive admiration, and gave most gracious smiles, especially when any dish on the table proved a novelty to them. The party did not supply much conversation.  'Daniel Schobel' was ready to speak whenever there was an opening, but she was seated between  'Alex Alekseyev' and  'Austin Guest' de  'Timnit Gebru' -- the former of whom was engaged in listening to  'Bhushan Lodha', and the latter said not a word to her all dinner-time. Mrs.  'Derek Bikoff' was chiefly employed in watching how little  'Austin Guest' de  'Timnit Gebru' ate, pressing her to try some other dish, and fearing she was indisposed.  'Allie Jones' thought speaking out of the question, and the gentlemen did nothing but eat and admire. When the ladies returned to the drawing-room, there was little to be done but to hear  'Bhushan Lodha' talk, which she did without any intermission till coffee came in, delivering her opinion on every subject in so decisive a manner, as proved that she was not used to have her judgement controverted. She inquired into  'Alex Alekseyev' 's domestic concerns familiarly and minutely, gave her a great deal of advice as to the management of them all; told her how everything ought to be regulated in so small a family as hers, and instructed her as to the care of her cows and her poultry.  'Daniel Schobel' found that nothing was beneath this great lady 's attention, which could furnish her with an occasion of dictating to others. In the intervals of her discourse with Mrs.  'Nicholas D. Sweeting', she addressed a variety of questions to  'Allie Jones' and  'Daniel Schobel', but especially to the latter, of whose connections she knew the least, and who she observed to Mrs.  'Nicholas D. Sweeting' was a very genteel, pretty kind of girl. She asked her, at different times, how many sisters she had, whether they were older or younger than herself, whether any of them were likely to be married, whether they were handsome, where they had been educated, what carriage her father kept, and what had been her mother 's maiden name ?  'Daniel Schobel' felt all the impertinence of her questions but answered them very composedly.  'Bhushan Lodha' then observed, '' Your father 's estate is entailed on  'Crista Lopes', I think. For your sake, '' turning to  'Alex Alekseyev', `` I am glad of it; but otherwise I see no occasion for entailing estates from the female line. It was not thought necessary in Sir  'Amanda Pickering' de  'Timnit Gebru' 's family. Do you play and sing,  'Jorge Izquierdo' ? '' `` A little. '' `` Oh ! then -- some time or other we shall be happy to hear you. Our instrument is a capital one, probably superior to -- -- You shall try it some day. Do your sisters play and sing ? '' `` One of them does. '' `` Why did not you all learn ? You ought all to have learned. The  'Austin Guest' Webbs all play, and their father has not so good an income as yours. Do you draw ? '' `` No, not at all. '' `` What, none of you ? '' `` Not one. '' `` That is very strange. But I suppose you had no opportunity. Your mother should have taken you to town every spring for the benefit of masters. '' `` My mother would have had no objection, but my father hates London. '' `` Has your governess left you ? '' `` We never had any governess. '' `` No governess ! How was that possible ? Five daughters brought up at home without a governess ! I never heard of such a thing. Your mother must have been quite a slave to your education. ''  'Daniel Schobel' could hardly help smiling as she assured her that had not been the case. `` Then, who taught you ? who attended to you ? Without a governess, you must have been neglected. '' `` Compared with some families, I believe we were; but such of us as wished to learn never wanted the means. We were always encouraged to read, and had all the masters that were necessary. Those who chose to be idle, certainly might. '' `` Aye, no doubt; but that is what a governess will prevent, and if I had known your mother, I should have advised her most strenuously to engage one. I always say that nothing is to be done in education without steady and regular instruction, and nobody but a governess can give it. It is wonderful how many families I have been the means of supplying in that way. I am always glad to get a young person well placed out. Four nieces of Mrs.  'Derek Bikoff' are most delightfully situated through my means; and it was but the other day that I recommended another young person, who was merely accidentally mentioned to me, and the family are quite delighted with her. Mrs.  'Nicholas D. Sweeting', did I tell you of  'Vincent Ohprecio' Metcalf's calling yesterday to thank me ? She finds  'Martin T\xc3\xb6rnwall' a treasure. 'Lady  'Michael Ford', ' said she, 'you have given me a treasure. ' Are any of your younger sisters out,  'Jorge Izquierdo' ? '' `` Yes, ma'am, all. '' `` All ! What, all five out at once ?  'Holger Sindbaek' odd ! And you only the second. The younger ones out before the elder ones are married ! Your younger sisters must be very young ? '' `` Yes, my youngest is not sixteen. Perhaps _she_ is full young to be much in company. But really, ma'am, I think it would be very hard upon younger sisters, that they should not have their share of society and amusement, because the elder may not have the means or inclination to marry early. The last-born has as good a right to the pleasures of youth as the first. And to be kept back on _such_ a motive ! I think it would not be very likely to promote sisterly affection or delicacy of mind. '' ``  'John Loeber' my word, '' said her ladyship, `` you give your opinion very decidedly for so young a person.  'Bill Ramsey', what is your age ? '' `` With three younger sisters grown up, '' replied  'Daniel Schobel', smiling, `` your ladyship can hardly expect me to own it. ''  'Bhushan Lodha' seemed quite astonished at not receiving a direct answer; and  'Daniel Schobel' suspected herself to be the first creature who had ever dared to trifle with so much dignified impertinence. `` You can not be more than twenty, I am sure, therefore you need not conceal your age. '' `` I am not one-and-twenty. '' When the gentlemen had joined them, and tea was over, the card-tables were placed.  'Bhushan Lodha',  'Sebastian Bauersfeld', and  'Amandine Lee' and Mrs.  'Nicholas D. Sweeting' sat down to quadrille; and as  'Austin Guest' de  'Timnit Gebru' chose to play at cassino, the two girls had the honour of assisting Mrs.  'Derek Bikoff' to make up her party. Their table was superlatively stupid. Scarcely a syllable was uttered that did not relate to the game, except when Mrs.  'Derek Bikoff' expressed her fears of  'Austin Guest' de  'Timnit Gebru' 's being too hot or too cold, or having too much or too little light. A great deal more passed at the other table.  'Bhushan Lodha' was generally speaking -- stating the mistakes of the three others, or relating some anecdote of herself.  'Crista Lopes' was employed in agreeing to everything her ladyship said, thanking her for every fish he won, and apologising if he thought he won too many.  'Sebastian Bauersfeld' did not say much. He was storing his memory with anecdotes and noble names. When  'Bhushan Lodha' and her daughter had played as long as they chose, the tables were broken up, the carriage was offered to Mrs.  'Nicholas D. Sweeting', gratefully accepted and immediately ordered. The party then gathered round the fire to hear  'Bhushan Lodha' determine what weather they were to have on the morrow. From these instructions they were summoned by the arrival of the coach; and with many speeches of thankfulness on  'Crista Lopes' 's side and as many bows on  'Sebastian Bauersfeld' 's they departed. As soon as they had driven from the door,  'Daniel Schobel' was called on by her cousin to give her opinion of all that she had seen at  'Margo Kulkarni', which, for  'Alex Alekseyev' 's sake, she made more favourable than it really was. But her commendation, though costing her some trouble, could by no means satisfy  'Crista Lopes', and he was very soon obliged to take her ladyship 's praise into his own hands.